i think it 's interesting that peter gabriel has been in the us , he is a great performer .
i have n't but i have heard that a lady gaga has a white blood drive . i think it 's interesting that the president of spotify has a jazz concert .
i 'm not sure . i 've heard of tommy orange 's debut .
yes , i think it was a great show , you should check it out and get it up . have you ever listened to ella fitzgerald ?
wow that 's a lot of soup . are you talking about the fort - reno concert ? i heard flasher will perform there
i recently met a girl who lives in that area , and she said the nightlife is worth visiting for . it sounds like many of the events feature jazz music . do you listen to jazz very often ? 
i like the eagles . i think they are doing well this season .
i think he 's a great player . i think he 's a great player .
i like a little bit . i have a lot of friends . i do nt have a team that great fans are a fan . i would like to know why they would do that .
i think they are more about the third quarter back , it 's like a mini super bowl bowl for a reason
it 's hard to pick a specific team . i guess i would have to say the raiders .
i like the giants best , you ? . he did demand a high salary . he 's the highest paid defensive player in the nfl . i guess the raiders tied up too much money in carr and gruden . 
i think he is a great coach , he is the best coach in the history of the nfl , he is the head of the most important position in the history of the nfl
yes , i agree . the last playoff win was in 1995 against the patriots .
he is a great coach , i do nt know why he won . i know that he was the browns last playoff win was in 1995 .
yes , he was a great coach ! well i m guessing he did a lot more than pro football players , i think there s a lot of talent in it all
i think belichick is very strategic and he would n't do something if it would n't help his team win . the last time cleveland won a game in the playoffs was when belichick was their coach . shows how lucky teams are to have him .
oh absolutely . belichek is looking at it from the right angle too . he wants to win , that 's what he is paid for . i think the guy would hire a green martian if he thought it would guarantee an extra td . 
i bet he was a great player . nice chat
i wonder if he was a fan of his music ?
i 'm sure he was , it was great chatting with you !
he was an all star and did the money . i think it 's interesting . i wonder how many albums he had .
maybe it's time to collect some baseball cards now , so you can cash out when you 're older !
well , but time probably added to the value , no ? i wonder if the grandson found a honus wagner . is n't that the super valuable one ? in the 90s i think wayne gretzky bought one as an investment . 
i think that would be a great game to watch . i would have to be a bit slow .
i 'm not sure . i think it 's crazy that the highest scoring football game ever was 222 - 0 .
i think you 're right . it was nice chatting with you .
i 'm surprised georgia tech cumberland was still on that day . i do n't think i 'd ever doubt it .
yes , that was georgia tech vs cumberland . what a dominant victory .
that would be really hard . ga tech sure did dominate that game . 
i think that is a good idea , i think it would be a great idea to put flamethrowers on the back of cars in south africa
haha ya i do n't know , i do n't know why they do n't have flamethrowers on the back of the car though , i do n't know why they would have wooden trunks on the back
i would love to have one of those ! i would n't want to own a car , but it 's a bit scary , because it 's too dangerous for me !
yes , i wonder if they have tested on the backs in the 1800s
i 'm sure it 's carefully protected . did you know old cars had a wooden trunk in the back ? that 's why we call it a trunk .
it must be a really strong cable for sure , so do you like cars ? you know the first car to be mass produced was a ford . 
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great way to keep track of things .
yeah , that is true . well , it was nice chatting with you !
you know what else are the odds of that ?
so true . nice chatting with you !
maybe some syrup for the pancakes and the negotiation is finished .
did you watch the chapelle show ? the one where prince made them pancakes after a basketball game ? 
i would love to listen to that ! i wonder if they have a radio station that can pick up jupiter 's radio storms
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's still around in canada ?
i think i 've heard that before . it 's pretty cool that in canada , all radios must be at least 40 % of the music played on the radio stations must be canadian .
yes ! that 's so cool ! speaking of radio , i do n't think i 'd ever heard a radio to listen to those storms on jupiter on the radio , apparently they are required to have at least 40 % % of the music played be canadian !
that might be banned in canada . the law says that all stations must have 40 % of the music played be canadian !
i wonder how jupiter gets around the law in canada , where stations are required to play at least 40 % of their content from canadian artists . does jupiter have to book canadian storms ? 
i do n't know , i do know that the 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger .
i have no idea . i do know that the 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button .
i have no idea , but i guess it makes sense . i do know that the 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button .
yeah , i have heard that before . do you know what the hamburger button is ?
i do n't know much , but i learned recently that the 3 horizontal line menu on websites is called the hamburger button .
i do too . did you know the 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called the hamburger button ? 
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's cool that pixar has a secret room that is visited often by celebrities .
i do n't think i 've seen that . i do n't think it 's funny that pixar has a secret room that is visited only celebrities can visit .
hello , i do nt know , i do nt think i have ever seen that movie , i do nt know about it , what s it about you ?
what 's their first thing about the celebrities ?
lowering the entry barrier is always a good thing . do you like pixar ? i 've heard they have a secret room in their studio that is often visited by celebrities .
so in your opinion there will be more " homegrown " celebrities and less hollywood stars ? you could be right , hollywood seems less and less connected to its public . 
i do n't really know much about sports . i do like to watch the olympics and i have been swimming in the summer olympics .
i have never swam competitively , but i did n't have it . i do like it though .
i do not but i am more into swimming myself . i do n't like sports , but i do know there are some really boring swimming competitions
yes . i think that 's why i live in the usa . i 've seen some swimming around the world where i live .
i like hockey and soccer . what teams do you support ?
i like sports , football , hockey , soccer i also find swimming interesting as well . 
i think that is a great idea . i think that is a good thing to do . i think it 's interesting that 84 % of genes known to be associated with human diseases have counterparts in the zebrafish .
i think it 's because of the genes that are used to the same as the zebrafish .
that is true . 84 % of genes associated with human diseases have counterparts in the zebrafish .
yes , and that is very true . do you like fish ?
maybe we can unlock immortality by studying it ! a lot of human diseases seem to have origins in the zebrafish , maybe we should study that too !
true . they might hold the secret to immortality for us . that would indeed be a long boring life for most people . 
i wonder if they have a different name like the president of indonesia 's book .
yes , i wonder if he was in the top three wealthiest presidents .
yeah i wonder what the president of zimbabwe looks like ?
yes . i did n't know that . do you know how the vp used to be elected ?
i wonder whether he liked bananas ! before 1805 , the vice president was chosen by taking the runner up in the election . imagine that !
i wonder what his role was ? our country has an interesting history . i mean , up until 1805 a president 's competition became his vice president . imagine how that would be now ! 
i think he was a great player , he was a great player and also a great player , he was a great player , i think he was a great player , he had a great player
i would have to agree with you . i do n't know much about the baseball cards , but i know a lot about it .
yes , that 's true . there was a movie about the world series called a philadelphia battle in the 1940 's .
that is crazy , maybe if the guy who worked for his grandpa was a lawyer they could have and all worked on the d.c election .
they should be ! i wonder if there are umpire cards . there are some amazing umpires , like doug harvey .
probably only if they step in and play the game . i 've never seen any of them do it , but that would be an interesting thing to see 
i did not . i do know that it is the most valuable sport in the world .
i have not . i have not . what is it about ?
i had no idea . i guess that 's the best way to learn the sport .
i 've never tried one of the longest tennis matches . what do you think of the granny shot in tennis ?
no i did n't . they must have a giant reach . probably does n't even need to run for the ball !
no i did n't . where 's he from ? 
i agree . i love bill murray .
i agree . i love the movie kung fu hustle .
that 's great ! i love the movie too . i love bill murray . i think he thinks kung fu hustle is " the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy " .
yeah it 's crazy how far the movie has come in a very long time !
yeah bill murray called it " the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy "
huh , i 'm not into bill murray . so i wonder why he likes it . 
i love the golden state warriors . i love the philadelphia brewers .
haha i like the nationals too , they are my favorite team , i like the costumes , i think the team is really good though , i like the idea of managers and uniforms
oh that 's cool ! i do like the rain man , i 'm a fan of the dodgers , they were all very good , too !
that 's awesome ! the indians also have an uniforms because they can actually play for the field . the guy who is still invited to play baseball at the oracle arena !
yeah i 'm a fan of the infielders as well . i feel like people need to giving more attention to the managers . technically they 're allowed to play for their team if needed
nice ! i did n't know that about murphy , arizona is such an awesome place i want to go back soon ! and yeah aguilar is such a good guy too , i love sports pros who you know are decent people in real life . did you know managers can technically play if needed ? ! 
i know , i think i have heard that before , i think it was really cool .
i know , i do n't know how i feel about creed being so bad , they were sued by 4 people !
yeah i bet they did . i think creed should have a concert that was so bad that 4 concert goers filed a lawsuit against them .
do you like creed ?
wow i wonder if anybody sued them . four people sued creed for performing very badly at a concert in 2002 .
yes , i heard that . that band has alot of talent . 
i think he would have done it differently . he could beat anyone at u of oklahoma on one of the other .
i think he would have done well in halo 3 . he is the only qb in history to throw a touchdown pass to himself .
lol , good point . i wonder if anyone at that age in the nfl will ever be able to beat anyone at halo 3 .
yeah , but i 'm not sure how much he did in halo 3 , he played football for halo 3
qbs are often very smart . brad johnson is the only qb in history to throw a touchdown pass to himself ! imagine the brains it takes to pull that off .
i wonder if most of those guys were good at halo . there was a qb in the nfl named brad johnson , and he 's the only one who has thrown a touchdown pass to himself 
i do n't know . i do n't know if i would like to visit the kinane pool .
i do n't know if i 've ever heard of him .
lol , that 's funny ! i love kinane .
i think he is . he is so funny .
i love his comedy philosophy . he believes that comedians should n't tell people how the world works , because if they knew that they would n't be comedians ! he manages to be funny without lecturing the audience !
he has a special on netflix and kind of drives into political issue . he also does stand up in a washington dc club . 
i think that is a great movie . i think it 's great that the movie trojan wars had a budget of 15 million dollars .
yeah , i have n't seen it . i wonder if it 's good .
i guess it is a very different film . it was nice chatting with you .
the guy that had a budget of $ 15 million that was a huge loss .
whoever made the movie trojan wars really dropped the ball on that front . it had a budget of $ 15,000,000 only earned $ 309 in the box office .
interesting . the movie trojan war had a budget of $ 15 million and only made $ 309 at the box office . seems like that is wrong . 
i think he was a great player . he was a great player . his sister was always better than him .
i 'm not sure . i know reggie miller was a great player but his sister was always better than him .
yeah i think he was a great player , he was a great player , his sister had a sister who was always better than him
well , it 's really impressive , and the nba only produced one in canada .
i 'm sure he made a lot of money but now he 's in the nba half of fame . it 's funny because he lived in his sister 's shadow all throughout high school . when he tried braggign about scoring 40 points in a game , he found out she had scored 105 points and broken 8 national records the same day !
he was a player in 1990s . he had a famous sister who played basketball named cheryl 
i would love to see that one ! i would love to see it !
yeah , i think that is so cool . did you know that if earths history was viewed as a 24 hour period , humans would only represent 1 minute and 17 seconds .
you would think so . i would n't be surprised if i were n't as good as the 24 hour hour day and the only represent a little over a minute .
i think you could say you 're right , do you think they will go bankrupt or if it 's for the rest of the day ?
wow , i ca n't believe we 're destroying the world . if we viewed the earth 's history as a 24 hour period , humans would only have existed for 1 minute and 17 seconds . and in that time , we 've managed to completely destroy the planet .
yeah that would be crazy . if earths history was represented as a 24 hour period , humans would only represent 1 min and 17 seconds lol its sometimes so surprising how small we are in the universe . 
i think he is a great player . he is the highest paid celebrity right ?
yeah , i 'm sure he 's in the top 10 . i ca n't believe she 's the highest paid celebrity .
yeah , he 's definitely not in the money . judge judy makes $ 123,000 per episode .
i guess he does nt like his money but he also made a lot of money by televising the decision .
he 's the highest paid celebrity , followed by judge judy who makes $ 123,000 per episode !
yeah he has . he 's the highest paid celebrity right now , but judge judy is right on is coattails . 
i think he is a great coach , he is a great coach , he has been the most winningest coach in postseason history
i think he has a great record , i think he is a great player , he is a great coach and also a great player , he has a great record
i 'm sure he is . he is the winningest coach in the nfl postseason with 21 wins
the lions love the patriots ! ! ! bill belichick is the best coach in postseason .
leadership is very important in sports . that 's why coaches are so important ! bill belicick is an nfl coach with 21 wins , the most in the nfl . he must be a great leader !
what doe she do ? i wonder if she makes more the belichick ? he 's the winningest coach in the nfl for the postseason . 
i think that is a good idea . i think that is a good idea . i wonder if the government owns the 86 % of the land in nevada .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if it 's true in the us .
that is true . i think the government is supposed to be an absolute state employees . i think that 's the reason they do that .
no kidding , i wonder if there is a huge bail out that land
but the us government has always owned 86 % of the land in nevada , it has nothing to do with our current government . well , at least our president hasn 't sold it to russia !
my question is , what are they doing with it all ? is that where all the bodies are buried ? 
i do like football , i think it is a calming color and calming calming the other teams
i do like football , how about you ?
hello , i do like it , what about you ?
i like some of the football , what about you ?
i like the mind games aspect of it . did you know the university of iowa painted the visiting team 's locker room entirely pink
i love it . do you know what color is the u of iowa visitor locker room ? 
i like the red sox . i was a big fan of the philadelphia phillies .
i like the yankees , they are a great team . i think it 's cool that the managers wear uniforms because they can actually play for their team if needed .
i am a fan of the cincinnati bengals .
i would love to go to wrigley field . i would n't be able to go to a baseball game in my car , i could stay _unk to one of the cars .
have n't heard much about arizona . did you know baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically allowed to play for their team if needed .
apparently baseball managers are technically allowed to play for their teams ! 
that is crazy , i wonder how much bowlers made back in the 60 's ?
that is crazy , also crazy that the highest scoring football game ever was 222 - 0 , i wonder how much it was actually made
i did n't know that ! do you know what the highest score in college football was ?
yeah , that is crazy . i would think bowling would have too much more . i think that might be why they would do it on tv like college or something , but the way it was a very different back then , like 222 - 0 haha .
wow that 's unbeliavable . maybe football was n't as exciting back then . i heard the most one-sided game ever was in 1916 when georgia tech beat cumberland 222 - 0 . those cumberland players should try their hand at bowling .
that is crazy to think , i wonder what the difference in salary is now , probably substantial 
i do n't know much about u2 . i do know that u2 opened for themselves in 1987 .
i do n't know if i ever heard it . i do know that u2 opened up for themselves in 1987 .
i do n't know . i love country music . i think i 've heard that u2 once opened for themselves in 1987 . they were actually opened for themselves and then became the dalton brothers from galveston tx .
i do love the guitar . did you know u2 opened for themselves ?
i wish i could play instruments . did you know u2 , an irish rock band , opened for themselves at a few shows by dressing in wigs and playing country music ! it would have been pretty funny if their fake band gained a fanbase !
i used to play guitar . i have n't played in years though and was n't good . i had a gibson sg the kind that angus young from ac / dc plays . 
i think it was the pallbearers at billy mays funeral , i think that was a great funeral
i have not , i know that the pallbearers wore blue shirts and khaki pants
well i have to say that the pallbearers wore blue shirts and khaki pants , that s pretty cool
yes , they wore blue shirts and khaki pants in the billy mays funeral
china is adopting many aspects of american culture . not sure if that 's a good thing though . i heard at billy mays ' funeral , the pallbearers wore blue shirts and khakis , which i find to be disgraceful .
basically the more clothes you wore the better you looked to others . 
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure they were really strong .
i did not know that . i wonder if they ever had that rule ?
i did n't know that !
i have no clue , they are really strong creatures
wow really ? so their heart is unprotected ?
really ? i think they are all cariledge , no ? 
yeah , i wonder if he ever played in the nfl , i think it would be interesting to see a woman play in the nfl
yeah , i wonder if that will ever happen .
yeah i guess so . did you know women can play too ?
wow that is very impressive , i think he was the best qb ever ever
great players for sure . i wonder if we 'll ever see any female players in the nfl , there are no explicit rules against it .
they are all great players . did you know women can also play in the nfl 
i do n't know . i know that hiccups are a holdover from early evolution when land animals had both gills and lungs .
yeah i think it is because it was from the old days of a fire hazard .
i have no idea . it was from early evolution . i think about the same thing .
haha good question . i 'm sure that is a wild story haha . do you know why we have hiccups ?
they 're a holdover from early evolution when animals had both gills and lungs . hiccups probably helped animals switch between breathing in water and air .
it is from our evolution when land animals had both gills and lungs 
yeah , i guess football has changed so much . i wonder if bowling is more popular in the 60 's than football .
yeah i guess so . do you like fantasy ?
i wonder how much the players made in the 1960s ?
i know right , right ? in japan , people fantasy draft the national spelling bee !
wow people in the 60 's must have really loved bowling ! even today , a lot of niche activities have a dedicated fanbase . there are people that fantasy draft the national spelling bee !
it was another era , people had different interests . fantasy football was not big at that time , now we have analysts in fantasy football . 
i think that is a great idea , i would like to listen to that one , i wonder how it sounds like
i think that is very cool . i wonder if the song would sound like that .
i agree , that s funny ! i wonder how it works .
that sounds about right , that sounds really annoying lol , i love how it can translate into sound like the sun and the sun
that sounds awesome . i always enjoy listening to music from other cultures , it 's sometimes a strange experience . there 's a radio station that lets you listen to the sun 's music , what an interesting concept !
wow , have a nice trip ! did you know that a radio station exists that changes solar activity into sound so you can listen to the sun 's music 
i 'm not sure . i think it 's interesting that the violin made out of stone that was made out of stone that was invented by the dalton brothers .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure there are some violin out there .
i know right ! did you know that there is a violin made out of stone that is playable ?
the " t " was invented for country music . they were introduced as the opening of the instrument .
i definitely could n't afford it . did you know that the fiddle and violin are actually exactly the same instrument . the difference is just the type of music you play .
right ! as a matter of fact , the fiddle and the violin are the same instrument . what sets them apart from each other is the type of music its used to play . i always think of a violin as fancier than a fiddle . 
i wonder if google is still around . i wonder if the employees who wear a propeller hat to new employees are called nooglers .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if the employees who wear propeller cap is called nooglers ?
i do n't know . i would like to know what the new employees are called .
yeah , and what 's funny is that new employees employees are called " nooglers " on their basketball field .
wow . we need to get the bright minds of our generation working on saving the planet ! instead , all the smart folks are going to modern tech companies like google . did you know new google employees wear a propeller beanie cap on their first friday ? ca n't get any more quirky than that .
really , i hope that is ok for us ? i 'm also a big tech guy , how about you ? did you know new google employees are called " nooglers " . 
i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i liked it a lot more than the movie , you should watch it again
i think it was a great movie , it was a great movie , the first incredibles was based on a video game called incredibles , the incredibles , the sequel , i think that was a great movie
yes , he was , and was also in the movie 13 years before the movie came out , i think it was pretty good .
yeah , he was the perfect director for the movie . i guess he was in the movie as a kid
having more big name actors must always help with marketing ! did you know that they already came out with an incredibles sequel 13 years ago , though it was a video game .
agreed . i think it 's interesting too that the video game sequel came out before the movie did . 
that is pretty cool . i wonder if they ever used the breaststroke before they beat the british who only used the breaststroke ?
i think that was the right idea . i think it was great that native americans did that to the british who only used the breaststroke .
that is crazy , i did n't know that . i know that cornell students must pass a basic swimming test in order to test the british who must get the baggage claim .
do you know how the british only got breaststroke before ?
yeah and they did it when they beat the british in a race , because the british only knew the breaststroke .
yeah because they were faster at swimming . the brits only knew how to use the breaststroke . 
yeah , i think he was a smart man . i think he would have been a better candidate .
i think that would be a good idea . there has n't been a president who was n't a republican or democrat since 1853 .
yeah , i think it would be like the politicians .
yes i think he should have switched to what they were doing in 1995 .
i wish the us would move away from the two party system . all the us presidents since 1853 have either been republican or democrat . if we had other parties , maybe the country would be less divided .
trump is a republican . did you know there has nt been a president who was nt a republican or democrat since 1853 
i would love to have a cat named stubbs as the mayor of talkeetna , alaska .
that is a very strange name . i wonder if he ever got a cat named stubbs .
haha , that is awesome . a cat named stubbs is the mayor in a town in alaska .
i think that town in alaska is a cat mayor . in alaska
yeah how ridiculous ! talkeetna , alaska has had stubbs as its mayor since 1997 . that 's 22 years !
i love that . it has been the mayor since 1997 . 
i think that is a great invention , i wonder if they are paid more than the highest paid employees in most states
i wonder if the highest paid employees are college football or basketball coaches ?
yeah i guess so , i wonder if they share it for the state or if it is
well , in 39 out of 50 states , the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach
and now basketball is ingrained in our culture . in most of the us , the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach .
yeah i think i read that recently . in 39 out of 50 states , the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach . 
i think that would be a good idea .
i would have to be in the mood . i would be able to work with a baby .
it is a nice place . i hope you have a good day .
that 's true . maybe we should do a chat like that .
agreed . people need to think twice before defrauding hardworking people out of their money .
i hope there will be no such case in the future . i feel furious reading the article . nice chatting with you 
i wonder too . in the 60s bowlers made more than football players
i think it was back in the 60s , but i do n't know much about it
that is so weird . i guess it makes sense since the 1960s is n't as popular as bowling is in the 1960s
it was in the 1960s and the difference . i guess football was not as popular as top bowlers back in the 1960s
yeah that 's very surprising to me . apparently the top bowlers in the 60 's made twice as much as the top football players !
yes that is why bowlers made way more than them 
yeah i hope they can use that to make the game safer and also have to do that to make the game safer
yeah i hope they can use that to make the game safer
i know . do you know who benjarvus green - ellis is ?
yeah that is pretty cool . do you know who is the player that never fumbled the ball in his career ?
maybe they 'll use it to identify the best players ! benjarvus green - ellis has never fumbled the ball throughout his entire career !
yeah . do you know who benjarvus green - ellis is ? 
i do , i love the radio , i love the radio , there is a free website where you can listen to them for free
i do nt really listen to the radio much , i do listen to the radio a lot , there is a website where you can listen to classic radio dramas for free
i do ! i love shakespeare . i think he is a great actor and also a great writer
i do . did you know there is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free ?
not really . i 'm not a big fan of music . i enjoy listening to radio dramas a lot though ! there 's a website online where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free !
when my knees are n't given me trouble , lol ! how about you ? 
i do n't think i 've ever been able to afford one . i do n't have a kindle , but i do n't have a kindle .
i do n't have a kindle , but i have n't been to the library in sacramento .
that 's true , it 's a very good thing to do , i love libraries and the best - of - selling and of course is there as well as the library .
i can find a library in a cities and check out books !
some libraries are moving beyond books . the sacramento library lets people check out things like sewing machines . maybe more millenials will start going to libraries now !
well i do wish that my library were more like the sacramento public library , you can read things like sewing machines from there which seems very useful to me 
i think she has a lot of influence and she has a great voice . she also walks backwards to avoid having her photo taken .
i agree . i like her a lot more than her husband and she seems like a great artist .
yeah she does nt seem to be allergic to her , i wonder why she has not banned her music
yeah i guess she walks backwards so maybe that she should not be free .
that rubbed me the wrong way as well . in general , she likes doing things on her own terms . she even walks backwards to avoid having her photo taken without her permission !
did you know that she had to walk backward to avoid having her photo taken 
i do watch a lot of tv . i do n't watch much tv anymore .
i do . i love the simpsons .
i do , i have nt seen it but have seen it .
i love the simpsons !
rarely . i usually just use netflix .
over the air maybe once or twice a year , i refuse to pay for a cable package to essentially pay them to advertise stuff to me 
i think that is a great idea , i would like to read more books about cs lewis and tolkien , you lose competition and lose competitions when reading terrible poetry
i think that is very interesting , i do n't know how they could read that fast either .
i agree . i wonder if the world record holder for speed reading comprehension
yep i 'm sure they 're both good , did you ever read by the way ? i would definitely check out some books myself haha
i agree , reading is an escape for me . unless it 's really bad writing . cs lewis and tolkien held a " you laugh you lose " competition where people read terrible poetry and tried not to laugh .
i do audible mostly , i can listen anywhere its so convienent . cs lewis and tolkien held " you laugh you lose " competitions when reading terrible poetry 
i think that is a good thing . i think it 's a good thing they do n't like the concept of a person and a neutral person .
yes , it 's very sad .
yeah , i guess it 's not that easy to do . i think they have a great time with the consumer ratings though .
no , i did n't know that . did you ?
oh i heard about that . somebody made an app to look at babysitter 's twitter and facebook in order to rate babysitters . that 's a big invasion of privacy and it 's great that facebook and twitter are fighting against it .
i think i heard about that now that you mention it . was the about predictim ? 
i think it was the director of the movie , brad bird , the director of the movie
yes , i did know that . i thought the director of the movie was edna mode , but the director did not find it very interesting .
i think it was the director brad bird , i think it 's the director of the movie
he voiced edna mode , and yes , she is the only costume designer
i 'm not sure . i know that the director actually voiced one of the characters , because the production team could n't find anybody better than him !
it was written by brad bird ! he also was the directer and provided the voice for edna mode in the movie . 
i am a fan of the nfl , i like the nfl , what about you ?
i like the nfl . i like the nfl .
yeah , i 'm a fan of the nfl .
i 'm a fan , especially during the regular season , usually if it is done . are you a fan of the nfl ?
i watch a few games here and there . did you know some teams do n't allow cheerleaders to eat in the same restauraunts as nfl players ? they actually have to leave if any nfl players walk in .
the same i like watching both college and nfl . do you have a favorite team ? 
i do n't watch it but i do n't really watch it .
i do n't really watch it , but i do n't really like it , i like it , what about you ?
yeah i think so too . i also have not seen any of the hbo series , have you ?
i do too , i also really enjoy series , it has been a really successful cast though
what else do you watch on hbo ? i need some good reccomendations .
i do nt even know what else they air , i truly do nt watch much tv at all . maybe the simpsons once a while 
i do n't use facebook , but i do use it a lot . i do n't use it as much anymore .
i have , i ve been using it a few times , but i never joined it .
i do n't really use facebook , but i do n't use it much anymore .
i have not used it , but i have heard of it before
i use it more than i should . i have more than a thousand friends . did you know burger king had a promotion where they gave you a burger for every 10 people you unfriended ? i could have had 100 burgers !
constantly , unfortunately . i 'd consider burger king 's offer to get a free whopper by unfriending 10 people if i liked burger king . 
i 'm not sure . i wonder if the un has an ambassador to aliens .
i think it 's because of the atmosphere , it 's not all that old .
i do n't know , but maybe it 's due to the fact that we have no longer have an ambassador to extraterrestrials
i think that was for sure , we should grow , i wonder what planet they are able to make the earth , they will have an alien ambassador to extraterrestrials
wow . the un appointed an official ambassador to aliens ! maybe we can ask them for help if we run out of helium on earth .
do you believe in aliens ? the un appointed ambassadors to extraterrestrials . 
i think that the band was a great band , i think it was a great show , i liked creed , i think its a great band , i like the band creed , they had a great concert back in 2002
i agree . i wonder if they were still around when they were playing ?
yes , i 've been to a concert in a while , i 'm not too big of a fan , but i do n't think i 've seen it .
i wonder how the concert became so bad , and how the audience did that ? it 's been great chatting with you . have a good day !
yeah i heard about that ! i wonder how bad that concert must have been .
oh , man , ca n't imagine a concert being so bad you get sued by the audience members ... guessing maybe they had mechanical problems , or one of the band members was n't performing very well . i recall news of a concert ( not creed , ca n't recall who it was ) where the guy was drunk on stage , and slurred through his songs . they ended up refunding the audience 's money .. 
i think he is a great ceo , he is a great ceo and a genius
i think that is pretty cool . i wonder if he ever ordered something from the clock that jeff bezos had built into a mountain that should run for 10,000 years .
i have not , what is it about ?
that is pretty cool . i guess it is supposed to run for 10,000 years , lol .
i do buy a lot from amazon . jeff bezos probably built a clock into a mountain to make sure that we would be able to tell time for 10,000 years .
i buy things from amazon all the time . is n't that the clock that 's supposed to run for 10,000 years 
yeah . the president of indonesia is a pop star
yeah . did you know the president of indonesia is a pop star ?
yeah i guess that means we are not the ones that are elected to be honest
yes . the president of indonesia is a pop star
imagine having hillary clinton as trump 's vp ! they could take a page out of the indonesian president 's book and release a pop album while in office .
yeah . did you know the president of indonesia is a pop star ? 
