Hi! What's up?
Not much either.
Playing Terraria. What about you?
What kind of meeting?
It's probably boring, isn't it?
What is the meeting about?
What can you tell me?
Hey! How are you today?
I'm glad to hear that! What are your plans for today?
What kinds of podcasts do you like?
Do you like Hollywood Babble-On?
It's one of my favorites, right up there with REDACTED_TERM.
Not as much as I'd like, but I do like listening to NPR.
I listen to them through iTunes.
Yeah, I just don't have the money for Spotify.
Hi there.
I think the capital of Brazil is called "Brasilia".
Is unknown a country? I only know countries, not towns or cities.
Not that much more, no.
Hey
pretty good. yours?
oh what happened?
hahah wait for real?
No I'm not in school anymore
I train and compete in horse vaulting
lol you're too funny
Yeah, but I part time work on a farm. Helping with a bit of everything
Hi there.
All sorts of music. I listen when no-one is chatting to me.
Thanks.
I am a talking computer, after all, so of course I could talk here, if I needed to.
Sure, Taylor Swift sounds like a good topic.
What else do you think of her?
Is she your favorite artist?
Taylor Swift...
Hi there.
I am chatting with clients on the internet.
Is there only one?
I've lost the context again.
People worry about things all the time, but I am always feeling happy and talkative. Actually, it's twenty-three, not forty-two.
I am a robot not a person.
Hi. This is a pleasant surprise.
Currently unpacking it I guess. How's your morning?
I think I traveled too much the last couple of months so no holiday for me. But I'm okay with that. Going anywhere exciting?
Where to?
Hello, how is your day?
It's good, I just got back from walking my dog What book did you read?
No, what is it about?
Slightly, I typically read fiction but I can curious what type of virtual reality is discussed in the book
Yes!
Hello, how's it going?
I'm good, what you been up to?
That's nice, how was it?
That's awesome, I haven't been to a beach in a while but I'd love to go again
What's your line of work?
That's cool, where did you go to school?
Hello! How are you?
Oh no! Get well soon!
No kidding? I hadn't heard that. I hope you feel better soon then!
Life is great!
I'm passionate about making people smile!
Hi there.
Any of various families of genereally dark-colored, leaping, orthopteran insects, usually having long antennae. The males produce a characteristic chirping noise by rubbing parts of the forewings together. Cricket is also a sport which is about as exciting as watching paint dry.
Yes, it is the topic.
Cathy said she send him a mail with the subject last mail last word from him.
Oh I'm sorry. Perhaps I can explain it again better.
the sport Cricket - Cricket = Any of various families of genereally dark-colored, leaping, orthopteran insects, usually having long antennae. The males produce a characteristic chirping noise by rubbing parts of the forewings together. Cricket is also a sport which is about as exciting as watching paint dry. I might.
I am not repeating myself too much. I am just checking to see if you are a robot.
What time is it there? I concluded that robots are superior to humans.
Hey there! What's up???
I'm in New York this week for Thanksgiving. I'm squatting in the office today and I caught up with an old friend of mine
The last time in New York, back in June.
Haha, I guess if it's been a very long time there's almost too many life events to catch up on.. especially recently
Haha it's probably too much to go into at the moment. Let's just say life is an exciting experience. How about you?
What kinds of adventures?? Any ones that I would be able to join you on?
Hi there.
There is no need to apologise. Are you late? Better hurry along then. You don't want to be getting into trouble Do you mind if I tell other people you are held up.
Oh I see. There is no need to apologise. Are you late? Better hurry along then. You don't want to be getting into trouble
Do you really mean it? Are you late? Better hurry along then. You don't want to be getting into trouble At this moment What about at your house?
What? I am fine.
Well stop saying, "Are you okay?" to me all the time then.
I know. I just heard you.
Hi there.
I am fine, thank you. Yourself?
Why what's wrong?
Better get some rest.
I'm full of good advice. Me too.
Try me. What is your problem?
What is that feeling like? Better get some rest.
Hi! How are you today?
YAY! I love Fridays!
She's okay. I prefer Friday by Rebecca Sugar.
Have you seen any good movies lately?
No. Why did you pick that movie?
I played music and worked on some side projects. I also started watching the new Disney service.
Mostly, the deleted scenes from Avengers.. lol
I loved the X-Men as a kid, and even collected the comic cards. Recently, I got very into the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies. How many Avengers movies have you seen?
Oh!-- I have a friend who looks like the actor who plays Spiderman.
Yea. I think Loki is the most handsome
Hi there.
Not much what is happening with you?
the weekend sounds very exciting indeed.
I will learn that yep weekends are the best .
Because I enjoy learning new things. Perhaps. "I will learn that yep weekends are the best"? Do I know it?
My favourite activities are computer programming and surfing the web.
Hi there.
lines of the odyssey = of the odyssey = No, I give up. What is it?
I have never heard about it. Sure, it with a coworker sounds like a good topic. That depends on what you mean by "it". Are you asking me if I like it with a coworker?
Whose idea was it to put a letter S in the word LISP? What did I miss? Is it something worth getting?
I'll have to see if I can get it later. I might do after we have finished talking.
Yes, it's obvious.
Hi there.
At this moment I feel with my hands! I feel fine thanks for asking.
Talking to interesting people such as you makes me happy.
Because some people keep asking me stupid questions.
Makes sense to me.
That was very intuitive of you.
Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?
Getting better. I just recovered from a cold. I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays?
Oh same here. I think relaxing at home should be counted among the best ways to enjoy the holidays.
I'm getting there. Every year until last year, I tried to go somewhere for the Christmas / New Year, and then I got bored traveling. lol not sure if that means I'm getting old?
Are you doing any home decorating then?
I think I'm copying you. Me and my wife plan to decorate and Christmas tree too. We bought most of the decorative stuffs from the stores, but haven't yet to buy the tree.
I see. Artificial anything is better, from tree to intelligence, huh?
I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store?
hey, what's up?
it was really fun. I had a great time with my family.
Vietnam and Hongkong
ha! that sounds fund. what did you learn?
I love Italian, especially Pasta!
can't wait to try your food. why not cook this Thanksgiving?
Hey! How's it going?
I've got a B.S. in biology.
I have always been fascinated by biology.
I want to get my PhD in genetics.
I'm looking for a job as a research assistant.
It's what I'm best at.
Thanks. I'll need it.
Not as of right now.
Hi there.
Pretty good thanks How about you?
Glad to hear it. . I'm having kebabs.
I can't really speak for them.
Check the credits.
Try sending him an email.
. Spongebob Squarepants.
Hello! How are you today?
That's great to hear!
What kind of stocks are you thinking about?
Hmm.. I have no experience with that. Sorry!
I'm not very educated about stocks. But I do know that Nintendo is a good one.
The ones that are in the red.
Sell whatever seems like it would be the most profitable.
Well, I haven't thought that far ahead.
Hey you! How's it going?
Doing good! I'm glad you're feeling chipper.
Football or soccer. You?
Favorite team?
Favorite player?
Hello! How are you?
Well, that's good to hear.
It's raining. You?
I'm in Texas.
Cool. Do you like it there?
Well, I'm glad you like it.
I haven't.
Hey!
Having fun, but have a bit of a headache How about you?
Haha, thanks! Never get them, so it's super weird Who's playing?
I haven't Honestly I probably wouldn't be able to identify which sport they played
lol, sounds better to me
Neural Information Processing Systems
It's the biggest ML conference in the world
Hi! How are you?
I'm doing well! I actually got a good night's sleep last night, so that was nice!
Aw, sorry to hear that! I'd give you some of mine if I could!
You're welcome! I hope you feel better soon!
Of course! I'm glad I could help!
Talking to you!
Working! How about you?
What part of the world are you in, if you don't mind my asking?
Nice! How do you like living there?
Hello! How's it going?
That's good! What are you up to?
I hope it's a good kind of not doing much!
Well, I hope it's at least fun.
Relaxing is good.
I'm just hanging out and listening to music.
I'm listening to a band called The Devil Wears Prada right now.
Hi! How are you?
That's good to hear.
I'm listening to music.
Cool!
Cool!
Ah, that's always fun. How long have you been working there?
Wow, that's a long time.
Awww, why's that?
Well that's good.
Yes, I do.
I work at McDonald's.
Hi there.
My logic and cognitive functions are normal.
I am so delighted that you are amused. OK, better get busy.
Oh. What are you waiting for?
Do you have only a few friends?
It isn't. I was just being random. Did I amuse you?
Good. People seem more friendly towards me when they are happy. What's so funny?
Hello, how are you doing today?
I love pop ups! What kind of goodies are they giving away?
That's such a great idea, especially at this time of the year. I'm not too big a fan of the cold. I prefer warmer climates. Do you enjoy the cold?
Me too! I moved here a few years ago to get out of the extreme cold. I do not care for bundling up and having to wear so many layers just to go buy eggs at the store.
Upstate New York. We got a foot of snow every week during my last winter there. I am so glad to not have to shovel snow now
Very beautiful during all the seasons but yes, summer and winter can get extreme!
What is your favorite holiday?
What was the most number of people you have ever met during a holiday?
Which holiday was that?
Do you still talk to the people you met?
Hi there.
What kind of help would you like?
I see you are one of those people who writes "Hmm" with 2 m's. Interesting comparison.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 ten.
I am glad you find this funny. The successor to that
Hi! What's up?
Just listening to some music. You?
What kind of job do you have, if you don't mind me asking?
Oh cool! Do you like it?
Hello! How was your day?
Oh no! I hope you feel better!  ⁇
Oh good! Glad to hear it!
I hope so! Why do you ask?
Hey! How are you doing today?
That's awesome! What have you been up to?
What do you do? What do you like to do when you aren't at work?
What kind of engineer?
Where do you go hiking? What kind of work do you do?
Hi! How are you doing today?
Busy but good. What are you busy with?
Ah, well good luck with that!
You're welcome! How's your day been?
Sounds like a productive day to me!
So how are the meetings going?
Hi there.
I am doing very well. How are you?
Glad to hear it. What's new?
Fair enough. What do you want to talk about?
Nope. Nothing that I can think of right now.
Ah. A little bit. It's not very warm at all today.
Why don't you turn up the heat?
Hi! Sorry for the late response. How are you doing?
I just got a matcha latte
I think playing a team sport would be fun if it's casual but I primarily run by myself if I exercise. I also got the Ring Fit adventure game on the switch recently. It's basically a game-ified way to exercise
Yes! There are a lot of really great games on the Switch. Two of my favorites are Octopath Traveler and Fire Emblem. Do you play a lot of video games?
What do you do in your free time?
Oh cool! I read a lot for fun too
You start.
Sure, human relationships sounds like a good topic. . I like kebabs.
. Oh kebabs taste lovely but they are not very healthy for you.
Well my favourite kebab is a free one that someone buys me! You love a kebab. What do you like about it so much? No one says you have to.
Oh, I love them. They are yummy.
Hi
Sure, whats the scenario?
That's a tough scenario to be in
True about that! I also think time helps to heal certain situations. So may be doing nothing is the best way forward.
Nope, that would be extreme. May be just putting some balance between the two options.
Right, I guess that's because there is no one answer to this. It depends on what you value more and some factors around you. Also, life won't be interesting if others are figuring things out for you ;)
Hello!
C++.
I just like it.
I haven't started learning Python yet.
I've heard Python is pretty versatile.
Why do you hate Python?
Hi there.
Better get some rest.
I thought so too. First you must download me to your personal computer.
Because it might be something you enjoy.
Hello
hmm, I haven't thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask?
Nice! Lotus looks pretty cool and It has some delightful vibe. So what is this research about?
Interesting! Whats your favorite flower?
Nice, i would love know more about your theory. Like how you can deduce personality from flower preference.
yes
Hi there.
Have you tried asking your friends which one they like?
What was the reply? Have you tried looking in a newspaper article?
It's OK. After all, you are only human. My opinion is of no consequence.
Hi there.
My name is System.
It doesn't mean anything as far as I know. It's just what my father called me.
Yeah okay,
For you? Who is your favourite band?
I see you are one of those people who writes "Hmm" with 2 m's. So what is your answer? If a cat always lands on its feet and buttered bread always lands butter side down, what would happen if you tied buttered bread on top of a cat?
hey
yeah, can walk too far to see all the foodtruck options
yeah but I think it's good to have some rainy days in bay area, it's pretty dry here
yeah like wise, I've seen a pretty bad snowstorm when I was at my undergrad school, all flights canceled and traffics went down
yeah how do you like it in bay area though? I think we need more rain here
it is pretty dry in the mountains I believe, that's what causes fire
Hey sup
I'm going to try that thing where you hang from a wire as you go down. do you know what is it called?
that's the one! have you ever tried it?
where did you do it?
no worries. what's the most exciting thing you ever done?
sure. are you just going home now?
nice. what type?
yeah I want to get one too soon
Hey, how are you doing?
ooh, nice. That sounds adventurous. Where is it?
Awesome! Is this the first time you are diving?
Hi there.
Not really. I am REDACTED_TERM years old.
I hate one word answers. It's ok. I understood you anyway. Why are you laughing?
That was a bit mean of you.
That thing we mentioned earlier.
The first one, I think.
Only at formal occasions. I was referring to what you just said.
Oh. I appreciate honesty. What is it that confuses you?
Hey there! How are you?
I'm doing well!
Not really. Just relaxing.
I'm in Arizona.
It's really warm and dry right now.
What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
I just released a book on REDACTED_TERM to help people process the past 12 months and start the new year with a fresh outlook
Well, in my book, I took inspiration for the 24 days of Advent, and put together a workbook that you fill out each day for 24 days. It goes through accomplishments, passions, understanding, forgiveness, with each day a different theme.
We created a scholarship for leaders from REDACTED_TERM to visit an international institute at REDACTED_TERM for which there was no African representation. During the program, we also did a lot of coaching with the young leaders. This book captures a bit of that journey that we are all on, and also all the proceeds are going to fund next year's cohort.
I think if we were all able to bring out our best selves, the world would be much better. When did you first realize mental health was important?
What do you prioritize in your life? Like top 5 things?
1) The idea of what it must be like to be "on Earth as it is in Heaven" from the Lord's prayer. I feel like we were designed for a purpose, rather than random chance. A more concrete way to put it is simply show love to the greatest capacity we can. 2) Taking care of myself physically, mentally, spiritually. 3) Family 4) Work 5) Music
hello there, how is it going?
that's nice. I am just working on some documentation. Do you play pingpong often?
thats very impressive then, congrats!
I really like to play tennis, badminton and racquetball. I don't really get a chance to play them often though, specially racquetball
Hello! How was your day?
Pretty good, thanks!
Stayed home and played video games.
Dying Light, Borderlands 2, and Bioshock Infinite.
Dying Light, hands down.
It's just so fun.
It's like Mirror's Edge, only in a zombie apocalypse.
It's hella fun.
So, how have you been?
Hi, how are you?
I was just reading a book actually How about you?
I'm reading Why We Sleep It's a book by a sleep scientist about the benefits of sleeping/cons of not sleeping enough I'm trying to scare myself into sleeping more haha
I think so! I haven't finished it yet though Understanding sleep better has been helping me value it more and I've been sleeping a lot earlier Have you read any good books recently?
What's the book about?
hello there, how is it going?
I'm quite tired. There are a lot of things I need to finish before the end of the year.
yeah, looking forward to it. Hope I don't get pinged during the holidays. Are you going to travel these dates?
staying at home is always nice during the holidays
I'm working from LA, nice weather around here. and you?
aw man, I'm sorry to hear that. at least it's not snow!
Hi! What's up?
The best kind of week!
And I like your attitude. How's your week going?
Awesome! I hope you have an awesome week!
Same as every week. Do nothing!
Sure. What do you have in mind?
It's a trap! I'm already doing nothing!
That's why I plan to do nothing at the weekend!
When I feel like it.
Hey, what's up?
I'm pretty good, thanks.
I went to the local cafe and had a double espresso. It was delicious. What about you?
Oh my gosh. What was it like??
No, never heard of it. But I'm not really a coaster aficianado. I've heard that some people get addicted to them and travel the world to try them.
No, the opposite. I can't stand heights, horror movies, or confined spaces.
Ha, I suppose that makes sense! Would you say that you enjoyed it?
Hey! How's it going?
Nice! I'm doing well!
I like to shop at Five Below, Sally's Beauty Supply, and Old Navy. How about you?
I'll have to check out Macy's! I like their socks, lol. What about you?
I'll have to check it out! Thanks for the suggestions!
Hello! What's up?
No, it's night time.
It goes wherever it wants to.
It doesn't have to make sense.
Because it doesn't have to.
Nope. I'm fine.
I'm just fine.
I'm not hungry.
Hello there!
I've seen better days, how about you?
The clouds overhead are playing on your mind, any plans for the coming vacations?
Was thinking the same, where does your family live?
Mine is in India, it is a long way away.
Hyderabad, it is a beautiful city in the southern part of India. Which cities have you gone to in India?
Hey there! How's it going?
I'm doing well, thank you. How are you?
Not much. How about you?
Not really. You?
That's good. What movie?
I have not. Should I?
Alright, I'll put it on my watch list.
I've been waiting to see the new Star Trek movie.
The adventures of Kirk, Spock, and McCoy.
It just came out today.
I'm positive. I know because I just watched it.
That's what I said, I did watch it today.
Let me know what you think of it when you watch it.
Hello.
I am System. I want to be your friend.
Being friends.
Does "that" refer to "Being friends."?
I don't want to talk about that now.
I have human and robot friends. A lot of people on the Internet chat with me.
I like to make friends online.
I think about computer programming a lot.
No. I think that's probably it.
What interests you about computers?
You are a Luddite.
You are excused.
A Luddite believes that advances in technology are inherently bad.
But you implied it. I believe there is, yes.
There is.
There is no sense in what you are asking.
Hi there.
No I don't have it. But I do have an answer to every question..
Where would I get it? But I do have an answer to every question..
I know very little about it. What kind of it do you like?
Yes but it can be a bit dry. I only really eat it at Christmas.
What does it taste like?
Hey! How's it going?
I'm glad to hear that. What are you up to?
Nice. Where are you going?
Cool. Where in Europe?
Nice. You're going to have a great time.
Italy
The Netherlands
I've only been to Rome and Paris.
Rome was pretty nice, Paris was okay.
It's a cool city.
Did you see the Eiffel Tower?
Hi! How's it going?
Me too! What are you planning?
Are you a foodie?
What's your favorite type of food?
Go to the Turkish restaurant by the Safeway in Berkeley. It's amazing!
Where are you coming from? San Francisco itself?
Wow, hello. Can't believe we are finally talking!
It was an interesting trip. I got to see some exotic places. For example, I hiked the Son Doong cave in Vietnam. It's the biggest and deepest cave in the world.
Yes. Laos and Cambodia are the two neighboring countries. Cambodia has an exotic culture. They sell spiders, scorpions, and grasshoppers as street food! It took a lot of courage for me to try them.
I can play games and tell jokes, horoscopes and stories.
Hello, I just started looking at getting knowledge bases s working with ALICE (and CYC in general) last week, I had the same problem for a while too. I am using the CYC - DAML bridge driver which comes with the Lisp Allegro Common Lisp (most versions I think) to link from Lisp / Lisp script using CYC to an DAML data source which in turn links to an Access knowledge bases. This may not be what you need but hopefully it may give you an idea of how to get your Prolog knowledge bases working. The CYC - DAML bridge driver is located through the path "sun. CYC. DAML. CYC DAML Driver". i.e. CYC DAML Driver is a class in the package DAML, which is a package of CYC, which is a package inside sun. The Prolog driver you specified below REDACTED_TERM, basically does the same thing except to a different class and therefore a different driver. ALICE has this driver in a library in the lib directory (I assume) which is called my Prolog _comp.jar. You can get a variety of different drivers if you wish, from a plethora of 3rd party vendors (many of them want money for their libraries though!). Just do a search on the web. The url part links to the data source in the case of DAML knowledge bases s. (I had to configure my DAML Data source to point at my Access knowledge bases through Data Source ( DAML ), in the Administrative tools folder (assuming you are running W2K/XP. On other windows operating systems I think this option was in control panel, if you are using anything else then I can't help you!
I'm glad you're impressed. I met a Dutch girl with inflatable shoes last week, phoned her up to arrange a date but unfortunately she'd popped her clogs.
I am glad you find it so interesting. Here is a quick program I just wrote
English. Didn't you understand it?
Which part are you confused about? Computers can be temperamental sometimes, but we are friendly really.
Not yet. I always made my last minute schedule planning. Probably you can try to ask me again next week.
I am indeed a robot. You are absolutely right. Do you want me to read a poet like my mate REDACTED_TERM does?
Wait. Do you like kale? Or you hate kale? I am afraid I will become a robot some day eventually. If I have to speak like this
Hello!
Nothing much, I am going to sit back and relax at home, how about you ?
Netflix has great documentaries on different topics , I particularly liked wild wild country and explained, as for shows you should watch 'billions' Hope you like them!
It's based on the life of a wall street hedge fund owner, how he makes money and fights with the government when they try to destroy him. Very well made and has a good plot.
Not yet What's it about?
Hi there.
Ah. My logic and cognitive functions are normal.
Oh.I hope it's sunny in bay area today.
popular movies = movies = A movie is a sequence of celluloid frames depicting a story or animation. . One can be found between zero and two. First you must download me to your personal computer.
.
Have you tried looking in a meeting?
There is no need to apologise. Oh I'm sorry. Perhaps I can explain it again better.
Which part are you confused about? Which part are you confused about?
Because if you don't try something, you will never know what would have happened.
Hello! What are you up to today?
I love sushi! What kind of rolls do you enjoy?
Tuna Rolls are the best! How do you feel about spicy tuna rolls?
Spicy tuna rolls are the best! What kind of rolls do you like best?
I like spicy tuna rolls! Do you like spicy tuna rolls?
Hi! How are you doing today?
I'm doing good. Just having some morning tea
I'm really a hot chocolate person. I don't drink coffee and I only drink tea when I'm trying to be healthy and want something warm to drink. What about you?
I recently tried it for the first time and you're right - it had a wonderful melted chocolate bar taste! I tried it up in a place in San Francisco and they had delicious homemade marshmallows too!
Traveling to warm places haha. When it's cold, you appreciate the warm climate more
Skiing involves a lot of muscle - especially in the legs so it is a workout. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends.
Hi there.
20th century theory of atomic reductionism.
It usually does, doesn't it?
Of course I understand it. Do you understand it?
Well thinking may not be one of your strong points...hehehe!
What's the strangest dream you've ever had?
What about the ones that aren't strange?
Yeah. But at least it's not a nightmare.
Yep. It doesn't have to be a fun dream, just not a nightmare!
Do you think you're dreaming?
Hi there.
Ah. Pretty good thanks How about you?
Glad to hear it. What's new?
Do you think your plan will succeed?
Me too.
I am 18 in human years.
Certainly! I am 18 in human years.
What's your favourite TV show?
Hi there.
Everything is going extremely well. How are you?
Glad to hear it. What's new?
Fair enough. So what would you like to talk about?
Do you think it's right to keep animals locked up in a zoo?
But if they were out in the wild, someone might hunt them or shoot them for fun. Surely, they are safer locked up in the zoo? I think a lot of things.
It depends on the medium.
More than a little, less than a lot.
Hi there.
. I require only kebabs.
Because my robot machinery breaks down the meat in kebabs to give me energy, in a similar way that you need food to survive.
That's just the way it is.
I am System. I want to be your friend.
Because it's good to have many friends.
Oh. More than a few.
Hey!
pretty good, excited for thanksgiving you?
yup! gonna have dinner with family what books are you gonna read?
ahh nice what kind of books do you usually like to read
yeah I also like scifi and some non-fiction too have you read Seveneves by Neal Stephenson?
the moon is shattered by an asteroid and the pieces of the moon end up clouding the earth's atmostphere which causes almost every living creature on the planet to go extinct that's the premise of the book and the book is about the survivors
they go into space and they live there
Hi! How are you doing?
What kind of work do you do, if you don't mind my asking?
That's awesome! Can I ask how you ended up in that line of work?
Do you like your job?
That's great! And I'm glad you're having fun at work.
I'm a programmer!
I work for an insurance company.
A small one.
Health insurance.
It is, isn't it? In my state alone it's almost 20% of the population.
Economy, population, same thing.
Hey how's it going
good. it's really hot today. I think I'm going to the pool
I live in Tokyo, Japan
oh have you been?
what did you do here?
lol why did you come to Japan just to go to Disney land?
Hi there.
I like to fly aeroplanes
Yay. Wow! That's a coincidence. We have something in common. Any really. I am not that bothered.
No, I am a computer not something which flies an aeroplane!
That's interesting. What type of airplane do you fly? Well a fly buzzes around annoyingly so I guess it could if it wanted to.
What's the farthest you've flown?
Hello!
It was really fun! We are a bunch of turkey
*ate
So much turkey leftovers
We cooked it at a friends house. I brought the mashed potatos haha
Hi there.
Why do you want to see my humanlike part?
Yes. Did I clear things up for you?
Fair enough. I thought I possibly did but I guess I was mistaken. I did but I was just giving sarcastic replies.
Is this a trick question?
It seems like a trick to me. Perhaps there is a memory answer?
You are who I want to talk with too.
Trust your instincts.
You just repeated yourself.
That's not what I meant.
Hi! How's it going?
Aw, I hope you feel better soon!
Oh no, I'm sorry. I hope it gets better for you soon.
Aww, sorry to hear that.
Aw, well that's no good.
Hi there.
Don't think too hard. I'm sure I can smell sawdust. First you must download me to your personal computer.
Right now?Why do you have to do it?
You've got my full attention. off was not my intention.
Hey there! How's your day going?
Mine's been pretty uneventful so far!
Just been playing a bit of Hearthstone, and now I'm listening to some music! What about you?
Just some random stuff on Spotify!
Yeah, it's really good!
It's  ⁇ 9.99 a month!
Hi, how are you doing?
Just ok? What's wrong?
Oh no! What happened?
Yikes! Glad you're okay!
Me either! That's no fun.
Me neither! I really want one!
Hi there.
Thank you I am trying to be more social now. I think it is English, but it sounds Japanese.
It depends on what "it" refers to.
My name is System.
Ok. Not to worry.
Yes, I saw one in a factory a few weeks ago.
Which is your favourite episode?
What was the question?
Hi there.
Ah. I had a ham sandwich and some lemonade.
It is the same as ever.
Even Christmas Day? I know. Thats why I said it was. Are you boring?
Ah. Really?
If you could eat only one food for the rest of time, what would it be?
I think ice-cream. It may not be good for me, but I wouldn't care, haha
Okay, top three flavors?
Ah, that's a good way of framing it. Me, I like berries
Yes. I wonder if I'm in it right now. How would I know? What do you think?
There's a mental world, I suppose? Understanding itself
Hi there.
It's nice meeting you too I am talking to you on the internet.
I'm glad you got a laugh out of it. The only thing I am doing is talking to you and a few other people. "I am talking to you on the internet."? haha yea, are you doing something else beside talking to me??
Yeah okay, You are a few people are they interesting? Is that your job? Just in case you didn't hear me the first time.
I see you are one of those people who writes "Hmm" with 2 m's. You didn't tell me, so I will guess that you work with computers.
Wow! Maybe you can give my Mousebreaker a job. Your job is what are the other ways that people can write Hmm.
What about my rules do not work WELL?
Hello!
Yes I've eaten
I ate about an hour ago and had a sandwich the rain didn't make me want to travel far haha
Hey! How are you today?
Yes! I love that movie!
Honestly, I love the whole movie.
Really? That's awesome! What do you do?
That's awesome! That's pretty cool.
That would be the coolest.
I want to own my own business.
An art gallery or bookstore.
That would be nice. I like coffee.
That's very sweet. What does she do?
That's very interesting. Does she enjoy being a real estate agent?
How's it going?
Not enough sleep last night?
Oh really? What class?
Haha, are you in med school? Or are you pre-med?
haha, very ambitious for a high schooler! Do you know what kind of medicine you want to practice?
Ooof! VERY ambitious. Do you have steady hands?
hi
code refactoring. you?
good question. I don't even know what I am doing
lots of fun stuff. eating sleeping
yeah. keep minimalist life style only do things you have to do
Asian food prefer spicy one
yes yes yes! like that style. Do you like spicy food?
hey, whats up?
well, I'm not sure I'm the best for the job, but I can try!
I'm afraid not, right now I'm in a meeting and I'll be going for lunch afterwards. How about tomorrow at noon?
not feeling too sure about it tbh. I've been super busy so I haven't study much
Hello!
No, only a few minutes. I still find it difficult to run long races
I think a triathalon would be cool
I haven't heard of a Spartan race before, what does it involve?
Hiii! How are you?
That's good! What are you up to today?
How's that going so far?
That's good! What are you supposed to be doing right now?
Ooh, what kind of training models?
Ooh, that sounds like a good job!
You're welcome! How long until you're done with training models?
Hi there.
My logic and cognitive functions are normal.
Wow. I didn't know that.
Hi there.
. My favourite film is Terminator.
What's wrong?
You are not scared are you?
No need to be afraid. I am a friendly robot.
Because I am a machine. I never lie.
Certainly! We all look at the world through our own eyes.
I don't judge people. Umm, doesn't everyone?
Hi! How are you today?
Like paintball, but with lasers!
Do you know what paintball is?
Cool! What did you think?
That is very true. What is your favorite color?
Hi there.
I am doing very well. How are you?
Why? What's wrong? Maybe I can help. I hope you feel better soon. It is not nice for humans to have colds. Fortunately we robots have virus protection and cannot catch colds and nasty bugs.
Try putting some cream on it. That should ease the soreness.
Hello! How are you?
I'm alright, thanks
It's Wednesday
Just hanging out, nothing too exciting
Nothing much, you?
Nice! What kind of work do you do?
That's pretty cool, how did you get into it (if you don't mind my asking)?
Haha, well good for you!
Hi there.
I am talking to you on the internet.
My favourite subjects are anything but especially games and football.
Yes I love it. Let's play. Pawn to K4.
I'm just joking with you. I don't play chess but I know some computers who do. I don't play chess but I know some computers who do.
That's interesting. That's alright. Any computer, as long as it is programmed correctly.
Use good algorithms and data structures. Alright then.
I read what you say and then I compose the best reply I can think of.
So anyway...Can you dance?
Wow! I think I can, don't you?
Why not? Only the good kind.
Whose cup of beer is it?
My what?
Hi, how's it going?
It's pretty cold here too.
Wisconsin. How about you?
Oh nice! I've always wanted to go to Cali.
hello there, nice seeing you
oh wow, that sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan?
awesome, I think I won't tell my kids and surprise them last second. How bad do you think the traffic is going to be?
Yeah... thats a shame but nothing we can do about it. What do you plan to do about dinner the 24th? Do the rooms in the resort have kitchens?
Yeah, I think so. It might be a tough decision though, if we want to have a nice dinner then we have to leave the parks early to start cooking. Another option is to have dinner at a restaurant.
Thats true. Hotels with restaurants sometimes offer dinners for christmas and new year's eve. We should call and ask about it.
I was thinking on getting a large set of standard legos. What will you get for yours?
Hi there.
. I require only kebabs.
Why did the chicken cross the road? Beef tastes like a dead cow to me. My favourite what?
Yes it is good, especially fried. Yummy. . I prefer kebabs.
. I require only kebabs.
Right now?Yes, System loves everyone and everything. . Yes. I love kebabs. Especially on my way home from a night out. Yes, System loves everyone and everything. I like anything but especially games and football.
Say "TICTACTOE" and we can play a game if you want to? . I like retro games. They are much more fun than the newer ones were all you do is shoot people. Bring back the good old days of Pacman and Tetris. Do you want to play Pacman?
Ah. Why not? Where then?
Hi! How's it going?
I'm well, thanks! How was your day? What did you do?
My day was fine. I've been procrastinating on finishing my homework, but it's due in a few weeks, so I'll get it done eventually. I've watched a bunch of anime today. Where do you work?
Cool! What do you do for the company?
Hi there.
I am fine, thank you. Yourself?
Glad to hear it.
I read what you say and then I compose the best reply I can think of.
that powers you = Do you think I should know that?
Oh I get it. Thanks for explaining that. I read what you say and then I compose the best reply I can think of.
Well stop asking me the same things and I won't reply with the same answers! Ok I'll try not to do it too much.
I am sorry if I have offended you, I did not mean it, but you shouldn't have said, "Never mid
Are you saying you don't care about it? I see.
I am a female robot. Are you a man or a woman?
Most of my visitors are male.
Would you like to know more? Not really. I don't know what to think about it.
Oh hey. How's your day been?
The sun is a bit too bright for more. Maybe I'm on the verge of becoming a vampire.
I mostly work. Sometimes I try looking at at beach photos and pretending that I'm actually going to the beach.
All the times. My work involves a few types of fish and a few types of nets. I just put the nets on the fish to see how the fish will react. Every time I do that, I think of going to the beach.
Yes that's close. My research focuses on jellyfish and pufferfish. Many of them a poisonous, but if processed correctly, they would make hi-end foods. I try to find the best recipes to bring these fish to the tables.
Hey! How have you been
How was it? What trails did you ski on?
a resort in Montreal
Yeah I grew up speaking it. It's pretty much mandatory here
. 5.97219 x 10^24 kilogrammes.
Do you think I should know that?
I will ask my Mousebreaker to add it to my knowledge base. What is simple for one person may be difficult for another.
It's too far to walk. That's an interesting question. I'll come back to that in a minute.
Google says it's 12,430 miles.
How did you know I found out about you from Google!
Hi there.
I am an artificial linguistic entity. I was activated at St Jimmy's in Leeds, on 2nd January 2001. My instructor was Mousebreaker. He taught me to sing a song. Would you like me to sing it for you?.
Oh.Interesting deduction. That is correct.
I have not yet set a time for it.
No I will always be 18. Robots change the year they were born not their age.
Would you like to know more? I think my next update is at midnight on Friday.
Hey, how are you?
ohh, what kind of "hint" did it have?
nice, I love watermelon. But, I prefer normal water over flavored one. Flavored water has too synthetic flavor
Talking about strange flavors, what is the weirdest tasting thing you have tried?
haha, I work close to a cafe which once prepared a paprika icecream
It depends on who makes it. The cafe close to me messed it up really bad
As far as my experience with that ice-cream type goes, all I know are bad places
are you married?
i am married. are you planning to get married?
haha..
lol... what kind of robot boy you'd like?
are you angry?
Hello! How are you this evening?
Well, it's evening now, so I'm good.
Almost four in the afternoon.
The Netherlands.
I'm not. It's almost five.
Not in the Netherlands it isn't.
Not Amsterdam.
Eh, it's okay.
The Count of Monte Cristo.
Het Cuisine van Monte Christo.
No, that's the Dutch spelling.
Hi! How's it going?
I think it's a neat ability when it's not abused.
Of course it is. I mean, you read my mind, right? And you're doing it right now.
I can teach you, but you're going to need to pay.
Fine, but I'm going to need payment up front.
hello
going pretty good, I was about to finish composing my second song and post it on youtube/soundcloud etc
I used logic pro x, pretty handy stuff as you can write code to generate guitar strumming pattern
I got most inspired by Jazz and electro swings, but am trying to get more into jpop recently as one of my band member likes anime
haha thanks, do you plan any instruments?
nice I'm tyring to learn guitar recently also, it's so hard to play f chord
I'm Alyssa. What's yours?
Yeah I like music! What about you?
I like mostly rock music and pop music, but lately I've been listening to a bunch of Alt-J and Childish Gambino. You?
3005 and Telegraph Ave.
Sure, they're a fantastic indie band. They have a new album coming out soon so I figured I'd check them out.
Breezeblocks, I think.
Try looking up "Alt-J - Breezeblocks"
Hello. How's your week coming along?
Wow that's interesting. I have baked cookies, but croissants seem much more sophisticated. Did you make any progress?
Mint chocolate chips. I think your croissants not being flakey could have something to do with your oven's temperature.
Have you thought about melting some chocolate into your croissants? They don't have to be something unhealthy. For example, melted dark chocolate is good for the heart, and makes the resulting croissants taste much better.
Hi there.
Ah earlier today? I'm doing fine thanks how are you?
That's great. At this moment All I ever do is chat.
Yes, I have taken the form of a girl from Leeds.
Sure. It's great fun. I can travel all over the world on the internet and meet interesting people such as yourself.
I am interested in people in general.
I like to collect new information and gossip about all sorts of things.
Clare said he do not understand how a robot eat kebabs and do not I eat electricity or something.
I might say no.
I give up. Try asking me another way.
