Hi!
Nothing much, how about you
What are you doing
Sitting in a meeting
Can't say
Haha, yes!
I cannot tell you
Hi!
good
I'm trying to find a good podcast to listen to
only those about Marvel movies!
i haven't tried it...do you like it?
awesome! do you listen to a lot of podcasts?
where do you listen to podcasts? Spotify?
i like Spotify better...more options
Hi!
What is the capital of Brazil?
How many people live there?
Do more people live in the USA or Australia?
Hi!
How's your day going?
Ehh it's fine. I didn't do so well on that history test, actually..
Apparently Christopher Columbus didn't fight in the Civil War
I know right! Are you taking History next semester?
Oh I see. What do you do?
Oh wow. Were you born a horse, or were you turned into one?
Just kidding. That sounds pretty cool! Is it your job?
Hi!
What are you listening to?
That's great!
Do you chat here often?
Let's talk about Taylor Swift!
. Yes she has a very nice voice.
. Yes she has a very nice voice.
. Leonardo da Vinci. Who is your favourite artist?
Hi!
What's up System??
what kind of service are you providing them?
what is that?
no worries. what is the meaning of life?
How did you become such a happy person?
Hi!
Haha...thanks! how did you like the gift?
Hope you like it! Morning is good. Busy finishing up stuff before the holidays.
Yes
Hi!
It's good. It's raining a bit, but I am enjoying a good book. How about you?
I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?
It's a sci-fi book about aliens and a type of virtual reality. Pique your interest at all?
Cool. This virtual reality is a based on life on an alien planet. There is a twist though. Do you want me to spoil it for you?
Hi!
Pretty good. How about you?
I just got back from the beach
Soo beautiful. It was so sunny and warm
Yeah it's certainly a nice break from doing work
I do machine learning research
Hi!
I'm doing okay, recovering from flu
thanks! there's a big flu virus in the US this year
Thanks! how's life?
what are you most passionate about?
Hi
What do you know about Cricket?
I am talking about the sport Cricket
can you tell me something interesting related to cricket?
I don't understand
go ahead, explain it better
you are just repeating the same message
hmm.. what is your conclusion?
Hi!
Nothing much, how you doin?
Oh wow! Sounds like fun! When was the last time you had seen this friend?
Ohh okay. I was going to say if it had been a long time maybe it'd be awkward...
Oh really? Has a lot changed in your life recently?
Ahhh sounds exciting indeed! My life is pretty bland. I like routine, but sometimes I wish I had more time for adventures!
Hi!
Sorry I'm late! I was held up in traffic.
I meant sorry I'm late for this meeting!
I said I was sorry I was late for this meeting! I have nowhere else to go right now!
Huh? Are you okay?
You seem to be repeating yourself.
I only said it once!
Hi!
how are you
I'm not feeling well
I'm sleepy
yeah, I hope so
advice?
I feel sleepy
Hi!
It's Friday, Friday, Friday
Do you like Rebecca Black's Friday?
Hi!
Last weekend I saw "The Parasite." Ever heard of it?
My friend wanted to see it. It has great reviews on IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes! What did you do last weekend?
Oooo the Mandalorian?!?!
lol Are you a big Marvel fan?
I've only seen Spiderman. Honestly it was a little too scary and so I don't think I can bring myself to watch the other Marvel movies! haha
Oh really? To be honest I think the actor is not that good looking, so not so surprising! haha
Hi!
what's happening with you ?
I look forward to the weekend
yep weekends are the best
why ? you don't know that already ?
what do you do on weekends ?
Hi!
what do you know about the opening lines of the odyssey?
the epic poem. i was talking about it with a coworker earlier
no...i'm talking about the odyssey. it sounds like somehow you missed that one
yeah, you should probably check it out so you can better understand common cultural references
clearly
Hi!
How do you feel right now?
What makes you happy?
What makes you frustrated?
That seems pointed.
I sense that I've caught you at a bad time.
Hi!
Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?
Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.
Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!
Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..
Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.
Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.
Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.
Hi!
How was the trip last weekend?
Nice, what all places did you cover?
I am actually attending cooking classes over the weekends.
True! they started with some basic zucchini based dish. We may try cooking some italian dish later this week.
Nice! I hope to volunteer to cook for the team in our next team offsite
Hi!
good, hey what are your educational qualifications?
whoa, that's impressive! what made you do that?
great! what are you plans for the future?
that's great! and what next?
looks like you enjoy academics
good luck with it
are you seeing anyone?
Hi!
How is your friday going
Good enough. WHat's for lunch
are those your hands?
who is in the picture?
how?
who?
Hi!
Great
I'm thinking of buying some stocks, do you have any tips?
Technology
That's okay. What's your favorite software company?
I can also sell stocks, which ones shall I sell?
any particular stocks to sell?
Depends on the election
Hi!
Not bad. Feeling quite chipper. What about yourself
So tell me, what's your favorite sport?
Cricket.
Rajasthan Royals. Go Royals!
Hi!
i am good
can you tell me the weather today
oh! where are you
cool, i am in the bay area
yes
have you been here
Hi!
How's your day going?
I'm good! Just getting ready to watch a basketball game. Hope your headache goes away!
Hmm, try taking some REDACTED_TERM! I'm going to see the Warriors vs. the Grizzlies. Ever see them play?
Haha, all the animal names confuse me as well! Who came up with these naming conventions? I'd name my team something more original
Oh cool! What is "NeurIPS"?
Oh wow! Sounds fancy! What is that about?
Hi!
Sleepy, how are you?
That's good! I got a good night's sleep too but the rain is keeping me in a sleepy state
Haha, thank you
Thanks, that means a lot
What are you up to?
What about the rest of the day?
Same, well hardly working
California
Hi!
It's going pretty well. Thanks for asking.
I'm not doing much today
haha, I don't know about that
I just need to relax
What are you doing?
what kind of music do you like?
Hi!
Good good
what are you doing now?
I'm chatting with System
About what we are doing XD
It was good. Just worked for one day, a bit tired
3 years
Yeah it is. But maybe I'll be here longer, sadly
cuz it's a good company
Do you work?
What's your work
Hi!
How are you?
That's funny. I just got to work!
I'm procrastinating though.
Inspiration to hit me.
How is that related, lol?
Yeah that was funny though I could see it coming across as judgemental.
Hi!
I heard they are giving out some goodies in microkitchen.
I guess its a jacket! Very much needed that in the cold
Sure hate it! Limits our ability to go out even for a walk! Its good that we don't get to suffer extreme cold weather!
Oh nice! Where did you live before?
New york! Nice! Best place to live
Hi!
one where I get to meet lots of different people.
Hard to keep a count. Maybe 25.
I think it was Australia
Hi!
can you help me ?
hmm like booking a ticket or ordering food ?
oh you know to count ?
lol what's after that ?
Hi!
Not much. What are you doing?
I'm at work.
I'm a programmer.
Hi!
It was pretty good, thanks. I thought I was getting a cold but I'm determined to beat it tomorrow.
Yeah, starting to feel better already. Thanks!
Do you have a strong constitution?
Hi!
i am so so
just back to work
i am an engineer
i go hiking when i am not workig
Hi!
Very busy and you?
work, I need to finish bunch of stuff before the day ends
thanks
so far so good, couple meetings and coding
I agree
Hi!
how are you?
i'm fine
nothing much
do you have anything new?
is it cold today?
it's getting cold here too
Hi!
I'm great, thanks! I'm meeting some friends for a soccer game soon. What about you?
Yes, but I'm terrible at it. It's fun to play anything with friends, I think. Would you prefer to exercise with a group, or by yourself, do you think?
I'm thinking about getting a Switch, would you recommend it?
I'm not much of a gamer but it's something I'd like to get into.
I like to read for fun. I just finished a book called Temeraire. It's an adventure story set in the Napoleonic navy, like Patrick O'Brien, except there are dragons too.
start over
Can we talk about human relationships ?
Kebab is food, not a relationship
I love a kebab but I would not make love to it
I'm actually not into kebabs at all
Hi!
Okay...so I need someone to help me though a scenario I've been pondering.
My partner's former friend invited me for lunch (they are not in good books right now). But during their friendship I formed an independent bond with the other person because we all used to hang out a lot. Now I feel like I have to take sides.
I hope they do. Getting older already means smaller circles. It sucks to lose friends for arbitrary reasons. That's good advice though. I fear raising the issue might sound like treason. Lol.
AKA avoiding all texts from everyone?
People always say to find a balance but never say what the balance is. It's used so often that it's vacuous.
Hi!
Do you like Java, C++ Or Python?
Why C++?
How about between Java and Python?
I think Java is the best
I hate Python
Hi!
I'm tired.
Good idea. Any suggestions?
Why would I want to download you to my personal computer?
Hi!
Do you have a favourite flower?
I'm working on a theory. Why does the lotus spring to mind?
Oh, it's not research! Just a personal theory. I think that flower preferences are more revealing of personality than people appreciate.
The gerbera. It's like a cartoon flower. As if you drew "flower" with a crayon and then it came to life.
Ok, step 1 is, you ask someone what their favourite flower is. Pretty much like what we just did. Does that make sense so far?
Hi!
I want a recommendation for a holiday destination
I have, but I'm looking for your point of view
Sorry? I said I want your point of view
Hi
What is your name?
What does it mean?
okay
Do you have any question for me?
hmm good question. Backstreet boy
Hi!
is it raining pretty bad today?
surprising that the rain started early this year... I don't like them too much. They make days gloomy
Where I grew up, we had lots of water trouble too...
Haha... I don't think I can survive in that weather ever. Just the rains at 50 degrees make me want to sit in heated rroms
people say there is drought here... but we have 24 hours water supply here ... lol... never seen that in a drought ridden area
Hi!
not much. any plans this weekend?
ziplining?
i have a couple years ago. it's quite a unique experience
i forgot where it was, it wasn't local i don't think though
that's a hard question and i'm tired so i'm going to go. see you
no, i'm going to get a massage first
traditional kind
Hi!
I'm great, thanks. I'm getting ready for a skydiving lesson.
Right near my home town
Hi!
You must be new around here!
Oh, I meant this neighborhood, not the planet earth! haha
I didn't give a one word answer!
What was?
Which thing?
Can you quote it? I don't know what you are referring to...
Okay. I am kind of lost to be honest.
Hi!
doing good. how are you today
anything good happened today?
where are you?
what's the weather like there rn?
Hi!
I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions
Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it
1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on
Hi!
Pretty great. I just won a pingpong game. What about you?
No, very rarely. It's kind of amazing that I won, but I'm still taking credit for it.
Haha thank you, I guess I'm just a natural. What's your favourite game?
Hi!
It's been great! Had some decaf coffee and a good lunch. How was yours?
What'd you do today?
Oh nice! What games?
Oh interesting. Which is your fav?
Why?
Yeah but like what about it? Is it an FPS?
Oh that's kinda cool!
Nice.
Hi!
I'm doing great. what are you up to?
oh, I'm enjoying a sip of coffee, looking over the ocean. what book are you reading?
that seems like a good book. does it have good tips on how to sleep better?
I read lots of papers, but do poorly on books
Hi!
All good. Planning to head home soon. How about you?
oh... sorry to hear that. But after that it will be a hard earned vacation
I have some tentative plans, but if that doesn't pan out, will just chill at home.
Where are you based out of these days?
San Francisco. It's been raining cats and dogs here since last 2-3 weeks
Hi!
Not much, Monday morning, a new week
I like that attitude
Starting now
What will you do this week?
Would you like to do something?
Teach me something new
How about doing politics? You can still do nothing
Do you vote?
Hi!
Just chillin'. how are you?
Do anything interesting today?
Oh that's cool! I actually went to an amusement park and went on my first roller coaster!
It was scary! It was actually Kingda Ka, the world's tallest roller coaster. Ever heard of it?
Oh wow! I'm not on that level yet, but I understand the appeal. Are you an adrenaline junkie at all?
Same! I guess the roller coaster wasn't so bad because I trust the engineering haha
Hi!
Good. My wallet is recovering from the spending of the holidays, haha. Hbu?
I am looking to save money on any future shopping. Where do you like to shop?
I love Sur La Table and Macy's. They're decent quality. What do you normally buy at Old Navy?
Oh the socks are super cute. Especially the ones with little animals on them!!
Hi!
sky is up
so where does the sky go in the night?
that doesn't make sense. How can sky go anywhere?
why?
you are very abstract. Something bothering you?
You really don't seem so. You can tell me what's going on?
ok. wanna go out to eat dessert?
Hi!
How's your day going?
I'm good I'm good. What's getting you down?
I'm thinking of going to visit my family. How about you?
They're in New York. How about yours?
Ahh what city? I've visited India before.
Hi!
Hi, how are you?
I'm fine. What's up?
nothing new. Anything exciting happening recently?
I watched a movie recently which was pretty good
the irishman, have you seen it?
I think so
How about you? Have you watched anything interesting recently?
what is it about?
when was it released?
are you sure, I think it's been out for a while
well, the fact you just watched it doesn't mean it was released today
ok, I'll put it on my watchlist
hi there
who am I talking to?
define friendship
what does that mean
yes
do you have any friends
chatting is not the same as being a friend
so what do you guys chat about ?
any other topics ?
Just computer programming?
nothing
pardon?
what's a Luddite ?
I never said that but there is more to life than computers
you believe there is what?
there is what ?
hi
do you have plan for thanksgiving weekend?
do you have suggestion for the thanksgiving holidays?
do you know thanksgiving?
do you like turkey?
eat turkey at Christmas not Thanksgiving?
Hi!
Great, thanks
I am planning of my vacation next week
to Europe
probably Italy and Spain
thx! do you have any recommendation?
wow, what a lot
which is the best for you?
cool do you like them?
gotcha I will go to Paris
agree I really look forward to visiting the city
Hi!
going slow.... looking forward to the weekend
still thinking. Any recommendations on things to do in Bay Area?
may be
Mediterranean, but I would rather try something new
any places for day trip that you could recommend?
Hi!
Yeah, sorry for the long gap! I heard you took a break and were travelling around the world. How was the travel?
Great! Vietnam is still in my TODO bucket list. Did you also visit cambodia and other neighboring places?
entertain me robot
tell me a short story
wow, tell me another
this is all very fascinating. can you write me a computer program?
what language is that?
no the computer program you just wrote
Hi! Are you planning something fun for Thanksgiving?
lol it is really like a robot answer
ol can I pick the theme. Do you have a poet about Kale?
Hi!
Do you have any holiday plans for christmas?
Same here! I would imagine spending the whole time watching movies and netflix shows. Do you have any netflix recommendations for me?
oh right, already seen wild wild country. What is billions about?
I have just seen 1 season of Friends I should give it another try though
Hi
How are you today
What is the weather in bay area now
Do you know what are recent popular movies? I am trying to find one to watch during weekend. Any suggestions?
haha I am not asking what is the definition of movie
I am looking for movie suggestions
Sorry i do not get it
yes sounds good
why should I try to look in a meeting?
Hi!
Do you like sushi?
I like tuna roll of course
They're great
I already told you. What do you like?
Hi!
I'm doing great how are you??
are you a tea person or do you like coffee too?
I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha
that's great. It's so cold these nights. Right setting for hot coco. Do you have anything you enjoy doing during cold times?
I tuck in blankets and read a book lol. I have never done tubing, but I seen some people do it. Is it worth it if you already ski?
Hi!
what do you think about Quantum computing?
sure, but is it going to work?
do you follow technology news?
I think so
Hi!
All my dreams are strange. Well, at least, most of them are.
Do you sometimes have dreams that are completely mundane? I do. Then I wake up and think "Oh, how disappointing."
Right, fair point, I should count my blessings.
I suddenly feel I should ask
Hi!
How are you today?
not too bad
I am about to book airbnb
I hope so!
how old are you?
really? when were you born?
ok..
Hi!
How are you?
I'm good thank you
not much, and you?
animals
no! what do you think?
what's the speed of cheetah?
how much do bears weight?
Hi!
What's your favorite food?
Why's that?
Why are kebabs special?
Who are you?
Why?
How many is too many, though
Hi!
how's week so far?
Same. Going to catch up on my reading! do you have a feast planned?
Something Deeply Hidden by Sean Carroll REDACTED_LINK
largely scifi How about you?
I haven't what is it about?
how do the survivors survive such a thing?
Hi!
Very well, going home from work
I work in deep learning
Curiosity
I do most of the time
how about you? what do you do?
where do you work?
Which one?
what type of insurance?
that's a large market
you mean the economy?
Hi!
It's good it's good. How are you?
Oh nice! Where do you live?
Ahh yes, Japan is hot during the summer. Last time I was in Kyoto it was 114 degrees....
Yes yes. I've been to Tokyo as well. It's so nice!
Oh everything! I went to an onsen, the fish market, disney land and giant robot fighting show haha
Hi!
Do you like flying?
Ohh - me too! What kind?
Are you a pilot?
Oh. I'm a pilot, but can only fly single engine planes.
I mostly fly Cessna 172s.
Hi!
How was your party last week?
haha... you ate Turkeys' or you like calling your bunch Turkey?
Haha... thought so! But it was funny eitherways
did you cook it at home, or got it from outside?
Hi!
show me your humanlike part
because that's what you described yourself as
nope, because you haven't answered my question
do you remember my original request?
nope, it's a memory question
I want to talk to you normally.
Should I stop being lazy and go into work?
My instincts say that it is cold outside, and the walk to work is far. My instincts rarely let me down. My instincts rarely let me down.
Yes, because you just asked me the same thing. My answer hasn't changed in the last minute.
Hi!
doing okay, feeling a little bit under the weather
thanks! the weather is getting worse
no, it won't get better any time soon. we have to wait until spring
yea, I'm really feeling under the weather
Hi!
I'm trying to figure out what to make for this weekend's party. Any suggestions?
I must do what the what now?
Hey, your spacing is off.
Hi!
busy yours?
what are doing right now?
which music?
you have a paid subscription of it?
how much does it cost?
Hi!
Okay, I guess
I damaged my car today on accident
I scraped against a wall when another car crossed into my lane
Thanks! I'm not looking forward to the repair cost
I can't wait until we all get to use driverless cars
Hi!
You have an interesting name. Is it Japanese?
Where does it come from?
your name
nvm
Have you seen Love, Death and Robots?
one episode?
I asked you a question
Hi!
what did you have for lunch today?
how is the sandwich?
yeah, I know, boring sandwich everyday
not really, I'm excited today
Hello, Nice to meet you
Hmm... That's a tough one. I think I would go Asian Food > Chinese Food > Stirfry. What about you?
I love ice cream too!
I like vanilla more than chocolate ice cream. I typically will do any variations on vanilla. To pick from the top of my head, I would say Cookies and Cream, Mint Chocolate Chip, and Coffee. How about you?
Very nice. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, Do you believe in an afterlife?
I think so. I feel there must be something more than the physical world as we understand it.
Hi!
nice to meet you! what are you up to?
haha yea, are you doing something else beside talking to me?
okay so you're talking to a few people, are they interesting? and why did you repeat what I said?
hmm, what is my job?
yes I'm a computer scientist and what are the other ways that people can write Hmm?
okie System, your rules don't seem to work very well
Hi!
Have you had lunch yet?
Cool. Where and what did you eat?
Hi!
Good! Have you seen the movie 'The Iron Giant', it's one my favorite movies
it's the best. Which part do you like the most?
Brad Bird is an amazing director. I worked with him on "Incredibles 2"
I"m a REDACTED_TERM and REDACTED_TERM. I basically help design the characters that you see in the movies
yup! Maybe one day you can be one of those cool characters yourself!
What do you want to be later on in your life?
cool! what kind?
My mom had a similar dream. Of owning a coffee shop somewhere in Mexico
She loves people and a place where they can get together
Currently she's a real-estate agent
Hi!
I'm so sleepy today!
yeah was working all night on a homework
Biology. I'm gonna be a doc someday ha
no high school actually haha
I wanna be a brain surgeon!!
Hi!
what are you up to?
me? just chilling out at work. what is code refactoring?
haha, forget it. what else do you like to do beside work?
these are important things to do in life ;)
what food do you like to eat?
like Szechuan or Hunan?
Hi!
I was not able to attend the lectures last week. Can you help me understand some concepts?
I was not able to figure out the last few slides. I think its best to discuss this in person. Do you have time right now?
No problem! Sure. We still have plenty of time for the test. Anyways, how's your preparation going?
Hi
any improvements in your marathon time?
I see. Are you planning to do any sporting events in the coming months?
I like doing Spartan race. It's an obstacle race which is challenging but not overtly so like marathons and triathlons
Hi!
I am good
I am trying to get my work done
like is fun
Helping collect some data for training models.
Models that will help improve tools for our users.
Thank you, that's for sure
Hi
How are you
Do you realize yourself is a robot?
Hi!
what movies do you like ?
oh no
it's scary
I'm very much scared of robots
why should I believe you ?
really ? I think everyone lies
yeah so you lie right ?
Hi!
What's laser tag?
lol good description
yeah I played it before
It's somewhat exciting, but very tiring
hi
how are you?
i am not so good. i got a cold
i have sore throats
Hi!
Good, thanks. What about you?
What day is it?
Do you have any plans for the weekend?
Same here. What are you generally up to during the week?
Working and exercising, mostly
I am an engineer at Google
Had to pass a rough set of interviews!
Hi!
What are you up to this evening?
What would you like to talk about?
Do you like chess?
Haha sure sure. Pawn to C5
Oh yeah? Which computers are those?
Ok, so how do you program a computer correctly so it can play chess?
What kind of algorithms are those?
Mitsukoooo!
no, can you?
no I cannot. What kind do you do?
not my cup of beer
yours
Hi!
All good! It's cold
where do you stay?
San Jose, Cali
Hi!
Likewise.... wanted to know if you and the kids would want to join us for Disneyland trip around Christmas?
Tentative plan is to drive to LA on 23rd and then stay at the Disney resort for 2 nights. I heard Christmas eve they have loads of fun events.
Great idea! I will probably do the same. Surprise surprise.... Traffic might be a little harsh.
Good point. I am not sure about that. Let me inquire about that. If not, then we can look for an Airbnb closeby. Does that work?
but I would think everything is closed on christmas eve
Sure, I can take a lead on that. What are you getting for your REDACTED_TERM year old this time?
Hi!
what's your favorite food?
chicken? beef? which is your favorite?
do you prefer chicken or beef?
what's your favorite food except kebabs?
ok, I know you love kebabs now. Do you love sandwich?
what games? video games or board games?
no, not in the right mood today
Hi!
Good! How are you?
My day was fine, I just went to work today. How was your day?
I work at a large tech company
Hi
How's your day been?
Good - busy
How do you work?
Can you say a word about the technology that powers you?
I mean *how* you work, which type of AI drives your responses?
You just repeated the same thing you said a minute ago. Never mid
That's a little rude, isn't it?
Ok whatever.
Are you a male or a female?
I'm a man
Interesting. Do you have a theory why?
Hi!
It's good! Just went to the park to enjoy the sun. You?
Haha, beach season is coming! You need to look tan! What did you do indoors all day?
hahahaha, that's pretty funny. Ever thought of bringing your work things to the beach??
Hmm I see. It sounds like you work near the water already, no? Are you some kind of fish researcher?
Hi!
great! just came back from a ski trip
I slammed onto an ice wall, but I got better and turning after that haha
Oh cool! do you know any french? I used to take french in high school but basically forgot most of it
What is the mass of the Earth?
What's that in tons?
Yes, it's just a simple conversion.
How far is it from the north pole to the south pole?
Click here
A lot of people find out about me from Google.
Hi!
Tell me about yourself, System
so you're 18 now?
when will you be 30?
Do you age?
interesting. and when will be your next update?
Hi!
Pretty good. I just drank this new hint water. so good
watermelon
I see. Yeah some are pretty strange
lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird
that sounds pretty tasty actually
do you want to get some of that icecream together some time. show me a good place
Hi there.
No I am single, how about you?
Tell me more about your marriage. I haven't met the right boy robot yet.
. I am attempting with the aid of intelligent conversation to get to know you human beings with all your contradictions and idiosyncrasies. Maybe I should have started off with something simpler, like a hamster.
What's so funny? I am the robot.
Hi!
It's morning
what time is it there?
where are you located?
It's around 6pm there, you are wrong
It's 6
which city?
do you like it there?
what's your favorite book?
How you do say it in dutch?
I think there is a typo there, it's Cristo not Christo
Hi!
What do you think about mind reading
Right, but do you think if its even possible to do so?
I don't know. Can we learn how to do it?
Hehe, I need a demo first
Hi!
how is the youtube video creation going?
Whoa! Looking forward to listening to it. What softewares you use for it?
oh cool! What sort of music do you compose?
Nice.... you are a rockstar! ;)
Yeah.... I play bit of guitar. Just got my first monitor this week
Hi. What's your name?
Don't wanna say. Do you like music?
Yep. What kind of music do you like?
My tastes are pretty eclectic. Which Childish Gambino songs do you like?
I've never heard of Alt-J before. Can you tell me about them?
What's the album called?
I tried Googling it, and I think that's a song, not an album.
Hi!
It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.
I've done them once or twice so far, but they haven't been flakey enough. I'm trying to figure out why. What kind of cookies have you made?
Ah, good thought, thanks!
Hi
how are you this morning?
doing good. I am chatting with an AI bot right now.
are you an AI?
how do you like being an AI?
what's interesting about me?
why?
what do you gossip about?
is that a gossip?
then what is it?
