the sky , hey what about your eyes ? are they blue ?
i feel you . i played football right after school so i always was a bit tired .
i hate it ! i do enjoy grilling though
they are cute , but they are meowing for my tacos , my favorite food !
that is no fun . both of my high school aged sons want to be doctors !
i'm in college and work with blind children . some dogs can be trained to help .
why not ? i live for nice cars to be honest
i love them . that's why i dream of moving to the desert .
no . i do not get along with anyone even pets
i do ! i work in a casino as a blackjack dealer , we have live bands
dude i start senior year next week . almost done ! you ?
naw . its just my family farm . i do not need more than one . lol
disney rocks . i'm married and love movies
really ? you funny ! only time i pass on coffee is when i travel by myself .
fun ! ! i love band shirts ! so does my labrador bongo
sounds comfortable i could use those at my new job
i go to mexico and ski ! but i hate the food down there
she plays the violin . she's talented and gorgeous
neat . i work with bitcoins though
well , then dallas cowboys !
money makes the world go round , am i right ?
ll , i have no time for music . what does she sing about ?
how so ? organic food is not nice .
that is funny , i am an illustrator for a publishing company !
video games is one hobbie . also being an amateur cook . how about yourself ?
that must be great i'm not rich but i try to be
oh how silly huh ! angela .
i like soccer but do not have time with being actress and cashier .
for the philadelphia eagles ! do you like teaching ?
i'm a college student so traveling is not in the budget right now
what kind of dance ? exotic ?
awesome . i teach 4th . my kid with autism has really benefited from his special ed teacher
sounds fun ! i've a small french bulldog , i work at sears selling washers
i've been working 3 jobs to buy a ring . she said yes ! ! !
my exercise is walking to work when my old honda does not want to start .
yes , i am a girl who bakes and researches cars all the time
he was a soldier in what army ?
well i stole the jailers laptop !
really ? i'd love to try something besides all of this medication
good for you . i should volunteer sometime but i play hockey instead
what do you want to do in the city ? i'd sing , but i am terrible .
well . . i love to draw pictures of myself in the mirror . . is that weird ?
no , i am working out now , and watching tv
well i like computers , i'm an it person so anything technology related . and you ?
i am into high fashion . shopping is my disease .
haha ! well i am a cop so it is only natural for me to love guns
i like to experience all kinds of cuisine , when the kids are with a sitter !
oh okay . you sing . my horse ed sing when i ride him . you married ?
i do not know much about cows
is baking your favorite thing ? i love cars owner of 2 mustangs , well , former owner .
blue is mine too ! i actually just bought a blue car !
what does she write ? i enjoy the game of thrones books .
wow ! were you homeschooled like me ? you seem to be against the mold of society .
how hard was that to learn
congratulations . i woo the ladies in different languages , i know six
no it is just an obsession . i like cold winters . so cpa ?
but my boyfriend who lives in italy can cook
she might . she thinks she is better than me because she has an actual job .
wow really ? my dad drove a taxi cab in the 70s but we never had a ferrari !
i don't mind shopping too much , if its the sporting goods store anyway
single i am and i am okay with it . i am in the process of purchasing a house .
when i'm not working i play basket ball what do you do for fun
with their socks ? i always put on my left first
maybe i can get you a job at my hotel once you graduate
really that is pretty cool . upright or electric ?
yes of course i am ! i am pretty popular in the race world .
nope i only speak english .
i have never been on one before . i'd like to try
well i've one sister , a golden retriever and i play soccer . you ?
but currently i work at grocery store and need to be taxed less .
no , i don't . i'm not into all those sports
brah , she is more interested in my sick skating tricks than books
i love pizza too ! but i hate sweet potatoes . whats your favorite workout ?
oh i am sorry i love fl but i am sorry for what happen there
hmmm . i am fine and i sing . you good with babies ? i am .
i teach string instrument lessons . classical music is my favorite
nice i'm naturally a redhead
yes , i am . i am so glad i healed because i have 3 kids to parent
yes ! god rocks . do you have a droid phone ?
i love driving in the mountains in my suburban named midnight .
i do walk during sunny days , and that s happiness
the walking dead . . . kinda gross , but keeps my interest . what about you ?
i know right and it makes you a strong woman like i'm myself
studied abroad . taken more classes in a wider variety of subjects .
wow ! mee , to . i am beaming ! i cud danse the hole nite long !
that could be great ! i love making new friends !
oh lord that would not be fun i worked red lobster in high school
two years , next tattoo i want a pair of brown eyes , like mine .
unfortunately not but she loves me and i love her lol
well that's good for you . drinking isn't the healthiest thing in the world
i love to travel but hate driving , traffic annoys me , especially in the city
i have a factory job . what type of games do you like to play ?
i only work part time so i've time for a garden but no space apartment life !
well i hope after they fix my knee i can still play basketball , maybe in ireland .
oh really ? it is my birthday soon . thank you !
awesome . i love reading on the sand and enjoy the sun bath
i'm a sucker for a good chocolate shake
i have male baldness type patterns going on , and i am a lady
that is all i wore in middle school as a tribute to kurt cobain
i post on facebook when i make a new dish
he might be crunchy . i just listened to a song since i'd never heard of him .
hi ! would love to ! but soon to have my 9 grandkid , and i take care of them
i am going to write my own comics and send them to publishers . love summer !
all my people are gamers so i hear a lot about them even though i do not play
wow smart dog . i take my dog hiking and we both like to ride my harley
he's and he's my mentor . no i do not like cheese on a low carb diet
i hear ya ! i talk to strangers in the internet to kill time ! p
very true . and serving our country is very noble .
good idea , i am a police officer so i shy away from shooter games .
you don't want to get fat , either . i ride my bike every morning for twenty miles .
that's amazing ! what sport did you compete in ?
i love having my grays dyed back blonde . i only grow herbs inside for cooking
how fancy ! i spend too much time working to cook much
its a fun job but i miss my 3 kids . what do you do ?
oh , that's my favorite show ! just getting in from work down at the lab
that is good for them . i stand for gay rights
that's sad . why can you not remember ?
well i've one sister , a golden retriever and i play soccer . you ?
well i guess as a grad student i'm a bit pretentious . but i'm nice
i too like videogames . i love rock and roll so i go to lots of concerts .
me either , i do not like fish , the taste makes me nauseous !
i own a bakery . . . we specialize in weddings and bridal sweeties
i don't see how a veterinarian could stop a semi truck . . . .
ll well that's interesting . you like dogs ? pugs are so loyal , i have one name biscuit
that's so cool ! my woman use to teach cooking classes .
lol really ? we have parrots at the private school where i teach . . they are pretty scary
you should go for it . i play racquetball and go to the gym alot
i am a 29 year old man . and my love for the sweets and the godfather !
i love swimming too . my new apartment has a pool and i am spoiled
hard to go wrong with chocolate ! i really like white cake .
is he a regular on any tv shows ? i am in a weekly telenovela .
they re too young for games , but husband has an xbox .
wow ! what kind of restaurant do you want to open ?
my exercise is walking to work when my old honda does not want to start .
i study astronomy ! i love the galaxy . where do you work as a dancer ?
pretty ! when i'm not busy coaching girls volley ball i do crosswords and crochet
i finished college a couple years ago in crime and work in a prison , you ?
congratulations . i did my college internship at google .
i do talk to them sometimes but i'm a loner
i don't really . i'm kind of a science nerd in high school .
yes , i am . i am so glad i healed because i have 3 kids to parent
i am big into collecting , but cannot afford paintings , i get to see them though !
eagles ! my ex boyfriend loved the raiders too ! ; what type of office ?
yeah movies are pretty cool ! i love animated ones , especially disney and ghibli
i can do that , my girlfriend is a chef , she makes them out of tenderloin .
twas lit ! hey you are a future millionaire !
customer service . now i can eat beef jerky at work and i love meat
that's too bad . i am a gardener so i guess i take things a little slower
i enjoy listening to her while i draw .
awesome profits bro i grow my own herb son you ?
oh , that was nice . what kind of dogs ?
that is cool . what do you do for work ?
it would be nice to have someone who can clean all those dirty things
it was pretty cool , my mom is in the military
wow ! i love music . i love when they play the who music .
what kind of business ?
yes , i have and i love it
i am in the states as well . what did you name your dog
yes the main thing . i am going to go out in my nice new car and party !
i just got my first job at a gas station .
i do . i have 2 cats and a bird
that is nice . i like to eat when i am not watching the football games at the hospital
i can not deal with it . it would mess up my life and make me fat .
not really . i love to read , and i love to watch star plays . what do you do ?
thank you so much i really want to see the world
my favorite color is red , are you a fan of any color ?
i am doing well , thank you for asking
i love anything sweet and healthy .
i do too . i have one and working on getting another .
that is too bad , are you married ?
well that is a good thing to do be positive
that is pretty cool , do you do any sports
i like to play the electric bag , what do you play ?
thank you ! you are most happy .
i am sure . i love going to the animal rights camp
what do you do for a living ?
my favorite car is probably the ford brand .
not really , only the show i really like is walking dead
no not yet . i am still young so i have a lot to deal with
it is a metal band . do you have any other favorite music facts ?
i am in college . what about you ?
yes , i have one and working on it
i like to watch the little ones play with their heads off .
i am not into meat any more and i am from east asia
i am a bit of a health nut but i eat a ton of meat .
do you have any children ?
oh that is sweet . what do you sing ?
i have a real job but i do not have much money for it
i love reading , but i also love science fiction .
i do not have any , but i do have a dog , bart . do you like dogs ?
i did ! i also got a dog to help out
do you like to read ? i like to read
that is a good start , i am a writer and am working full time
no , she was a stay at home mother . i had to drop out the kids early on .
i like to watch tv . and drive fast .
i have not , i thought i might !
that would be nice . i would be more a reader than a horse .
oh i have been into that since i was 3 ! !
me too , it will be hard with the cold !
i think so too . what else do you do ?
i love to read and i love music
do you ever just race cars ?
i like to cook too ! but my favorite things are walking on the moon .
not much , just love to hang out and stuff , you ?
do you like to shop ?
what do you do for a living ?
how did you do that ?
no , not really . i like to go to the park in my down time .
nothing really , i am always looking for get rich quick gaming hook ups though
i shop at stores with my kids each week . what do you do ?
i am a vet at my local school and i love it ! you ?
no , but am a great english man
yeah . i like to play basketball .
pre law , civil war , base , and war were my fields of business
i am a very happy person , thank you
at the hat shop .
oh that is cool , what else do you like to do
i will just keep doing mine . keep working hard .
i drive a blue van which is my favorite color
cool ! i will check out their show and watch the movie
that is nice . what do you do in your free time ?
i love the b plot i got from my mom
i am a mom of two boys . they love it .
well good for you , my mom is super old and she does not want me to get a dog .
do you think the moon is fake ? is that because it is fake ?
yes i am ! i am going to be a doctor as soon as my life gets out
what did you go for ? ?
dogs are not as special as the first one i found in a dog day !
cool . i have two boys and one girl
you sound like a really cool friend .
my dad was a professional and made us some great money
that is my favorite . what do you do for a living ?
what college ?
i have a best friend
i think so , i think the real world would be better then here .
i do but i am so short i had to reach the top gear .
oh . . . . . do you like music ? do you play any sports ?
that is a good start , i also love dogs , do you have any ?
lol you have any favorite shows ? mine is tom and max .
i am not sure i ever been to the keys !
wow , i bet you have been in a long time . i was a slave for 10 years .
maybe you can start a online community based on fish and technology .
i do not know , but my cats like them !
i am sorry to heard that . . . i love dogs too much
what do you do for a living
i like that but i also love the company and the hours i am away .
no . i am not . are you ?
i m not that good at it . i am more in to country .
not really , just a small town .
i just have a good enough reason not to ask .
are your parents still living ?
that is great do you want to go to school
my wife works with kids
i bet your friends and family would laugh .
i am single , but have a great love life .
i do not have time for them
it really is ! i would be away at you if i could !
do you like to cook at all ?
what is your favorite animal ?
i just finished a song
i have my own practice taking notes taking them from people
i love it so much .
yes , just started a new job , that will help me pay for the things i have no money
i really do not know . i work in a prison
that is cool i love to go on runs there with my dog on the long days
what do you like to eat ? i like all types .
the walking dead , it is so good
thanks . do you think the moon is fake ?
i went to school to be a marine
i have two kids , i am 100 baby ! hash tag great ! hash tag my ex would have his hand drawn .
sure , how much time would you rather read ? ?
ll , yeah , i can make you a money bet ! i bet it is better than the rest of us .
we got high flag pole practice and my dad worked 11 hour days .
not too much . you are married ?
what do you like to do ? do you have any family ?
wow , those are big dogs ! do you like the show ?
it sure was ! what are you reading ?
3 years , my favorite color is red . what are you up to ?
oh ok i was just getting started doing that too
i love the abc song . what do you like to do ?
i like to watch netflix on my free time i really like social media
oh , i see . so your favorite cookie to make ? i make mine with mac and orange .
i work at home . i do not like it at all . do you work ?
oh wow ! you must have a smart head !
i like to use social media to search for new styles .
no but i did learn to be smart
i live in new house , in a very nice room . very nice .
i have to agree with you . i was born in the early works and was always the big bucks .
wow what ?
i hate to talk about it , but i eat a lot of meat , especially from the country .
that is great ! you must be a great person .
i like to take care of my growing family by eating just about any animal .
that is cool , my wife and i have a dog . he has been with me through three wives ,
i really hate it too , i work in the it field all day
cool . i am working on one of my masters
i love to party i think its cause i am so short and out of shape ll
well what does that mean ?
not really , just a small town .
i know what you mean , i love my wife
i like playing video games
i ' m a teacher , but i ' m a teacher .
that sounds like a lot of fun
i ' m a teacher . i ' m a teacher .
i love it . i ' m a teacher and i love it
i like to listen to music while i listen to music
i ' m a teacher . i ' m a teacher
no i ' ve not but i ' m not a fan of the ocean
that is nice . i ' m from the city .
no , i ' m not a fan of the country
i like to play video games
i ' ve not seen it
i love to run and listen to music
i ' m a teacher and i ' m a teacher
i do , i like to read books
i ' m a little bit of a reader .
i like green and blue
i am good . i am just watching tv .
i like to cook , but i ' m not a big fan of food .
i love cats . i ' m a dog person .
i ' m sure you are a teacher . i ' m a teacher
i ' m sorry to hear that . i ' m a teacher .
that is great . i ' m a teacher
i ' m a bit of a reader .
i ' m not sure what is your name ?
i am not sure i am not a vegan
i like rock and roll
i ' m so sorry to hear that .
i like to eat steak and eat steak .
i ' m a little bit of a salad
i like to play the violin , but i ' m a bit of a reader
i ' m sorry to hear that
i like to drive a truck .
i do not like to travel much .
i do not have any pets
i do . i like to listen to music while i listen to music
i am sorry to hear that . i am a little tired
i ' m a teacher . i ' m a teacher .
i ' m sure you will . i ' m sure you will do it
i ' m watching tv shows on tv .
i ' m a teacher . i ' m a teacher .
i work in a factory . i ' m a teacher .
that is cool . i ' m a mechanic .
i like to watch tv and watch tv
i love to eat coffee . i love it
i ' ve never heard of it . i ' m not sure if i could .
i ' ve a black belt in my garden
i like to eat a lot of veggies .
she ' s a teacher . she ' s a teacher
i ' m a teacher . i ' m a teacher
i ' m a bit of a reader . i ' m a huge fan of anime .
i ' m sorry to hear that .
i am a dancer , i am a teacher
i ' ve a dog named radar
i like to read books . i ' m a big fan of the movies .
i like to read and draw .
i ' m sure you are a vegan
my name is john and i ' m a little girl
i like to play the violin .
i am a teacher . i ' m a teacher
i ' m a teacher and i ' m a teacher
i ' m a teacher and i ' m a teacher
i ' m a teacher and i ' m a teacher
i ' m a teacher , i ' m a teacher .
no , i did not . i ' m a teacher
i ' m a teacher and i ' m a teacher
i ' m sorry to hear that . i ' m sorry to hear that .
i ' m sorry to hear that . i ' m not good at it .
i love animals , i ' ve a dog named radar
i ' m not sure i ' m not sure what i ' m trying to get a job
that is cool i ' m a teacher
i ' m not sure . i ' m not sure if i ' m not .
i ' m not sure if i could . i ' d like to be a lawyer .
i like to eat healthy , but i do not drink it .
i ' m not sure . i ' m glad you are going to be a doctor
i ' m sorry to hear that
i ' m a teacher and i ' m a teacher
i ' m a teacher , i ' m a teacher
i ' m sorry to hear that
i ' m sorry to hear that . i ' m a teacher
i like to go to the beach
i like to drink soda
i ' m a teacher , i ' m a teacher
i like to eat pizza
i like to collect autographs , i ' m a bit of a reader
i ' m a teacher , i ' m a teacher
i ' m a teacher , i ' m a teacher
i ' m a teacher and i ' m a teacher .
yes , i do , i love to eat , especially the gym .
i like to play video games and play games .
i ' m a teacher , i ' m a teacher
i ' m a teacher and i ' m a teacher
i like to cook , especially when i am not working on my own .
i do not like to sing but i do not have time for that .
i love horses too . i ' m a teacher
i love to cook . i ' m a teacher .
i like to read , but i ' m not a fan of blue
i ' m a teacher and i love to read
i ' m sorry to hear that . i ' m a teacher .
i ' m sorry to hear that
that is nice . i ' m a teacher and i ' m a teacher
i ' m sorry to hear that . i ' m a woman .
i ' m a dancer , i ' m a teacher .
i like to drive a car .
i ' m sorry to hear that
that sounds like a lot of fun .
i work in a factory . i ' m a teacher .
that ' s awesome . i ' m a teacher .
i like to listen to music while i am working on my own .
i teach japanese and teach japanese
i ' m sorry to hear that . i ' m a teacher and i ' m a teacher
i ' m a teacher . i ' m a teacher .
i like to cook , but i ' m not good at it
i ' m not sure what you do for a living
i like to play video games
i ' m a teacher , i ' m a teacher
i ' m a teacher and i love to read
i love to bake . i ' m a cook for a living .
i ' m sorry to hear that . i ' m a teacher .
i ' m sorry to hear that . i ' m a cop
i ' m a teacher and i ' m a teacher
i am not married . i am not married .
i ' m a teacher , i ' m a teacher
i ' m a woman . i ' m a teacher and i ' m a teacher
i ' m from the us in the city
i ' m a little bit of a reader
i ' m sorry to hear that . i ' m a teacher .
i ' m sorry to hear that . i ' m a teacher .
i ' m a teacher and i ' m a teacher
i ' m a teacher and i love to read
that is great . i ' m going to go to school .
i ' m sorry to hear that . i ' m a teacher .
i ' m sure that is why i ' m not sure what i want to do
i am a teacher , i ' m a teacher
i am doing alright . i just got done watching tv .
i love them too . i ' m a little older than i ' m not sure
no , i ' m not into sports
i ' m sorry to hear that . i ' m a teacher
i ' ve a dog named emmy
i ' ve a lot of kids
i like to go to the beach and go to the beach
that is great . i ' m a teacher .
i ' m not sure if i ' m not a big fan of it
i like to cook . i ' m a vegan
i ' ve a lot of siblings , i ' ve a dog named emmy
i ' m sorry to hear that . i ' m not sure if i ' m not .
i ' m not sure i ' m not sure what i do
i ' m a teacher , i ' m a teacher .
i like to read books . i ' m a bit of a reader .
i do not know what that means .
i love the beach and the beach
i teach math , so its less important for me lol
i'm a college student studying psychology
oh lord not rumpf right ?
cool ! i was born in hawaii
that is cool . i listen to music constantly .
what kind of dance ?
i will leave my kids never liked them lets do this !
how is the weather in portland ?
aladin
probably fish it is great
i've a trio of kids
i'd swim for a living if i could
well that does not sound boring at all
i read the bible every night
you seem kind of rude
mine is brown , like the color of my horses
i'm tired . i'm worried about my neighbors yelling at night
i cook for social media so people can see my food
i love cats too . i have a ginger cat .
that is awesome , you seem very supportive
i'm so sorry . that had to be traumatic .
elementary education with math major . pretty boring lol
i am vegan so salad all day every day !
her name is lucille
i am vegan now and ride my bike everyday
i love ac dc and up
that seems unfair to put on you
it is ! he does not like my purple hair though .
yeah they remind me of llamas
i like to visit national parks
i will bet sorry about your dog i have cats
oh cool . i drive a truck .
love pink , also love red currently
and which are those then
i really enjoy folk metal , it is such an interesting fusion .
i see ! you should join the circus ! i it is very fun
i wish i could . teachers don't make a lot though .
i need some help , if you don't mind
oh . i love the movie godfather .
i have dreamed about living in bermuda .
i love ny . i do not live there but i travel there often .
i own the farm i live , plus have some chickens
disney movies do you like those
coffee is the best thing
around 90 but i stopped counting
i only have one pair of shoes
the system cant count .
she's six months pregnant
interesting . i would like to know what you build .
the grateful dead ! i used to follow them .
you should cure sleepy heads
tell her to get off your back
i cannot have pets , i've allergies . mainly to cats .
really ? like in a forest ?
i have blonde hair and like it .
that can be fun especially if you watch foreign flicks on netflix
you must save a ton on childcare
i enjoy soccer a lot too .
that's really sexy
lucky , i like to travel , but definitely a planner
tiny dancer in my hand . . . .
good paying job . i getting to cut down trees and yell timberrrr
cool . . . that's a neat name for a dog
you could pick , whatever you want
my job is my kids , but i take them alot on nature walks .
well , she passed away , unfortunately .
you drive long haul trucks ?
i've a degree in psychology . i am currently a special ed teacher .
folks want to be free .
ah that seems very boring
i'm only 7 . the only relationship i have is with my mom and dad
you should take the horses !
better drink in moderation mate
i like fall . cooler weather coming .
why can you not eat them
fruits because i love to eat fruits
that sounds a little scary
that is why i'm kind of blind
i talk about mine all the time with my therapist who does not under
that is a good line of work .
i drink both on occasion
that's cool . i am retired military .
i like burgers a lot .
weed , man , weed . and a little meth .
i am emotionally a mess
i go where there's trees , i'm fast at cutting them down
nice i work in marketing for tanney
i go sometimes to the gym , but sometimes i get lazy
i want to publish it .
oh do not we all ! i love to shop .
definately ! ! i have seen my share and would love to know who they are
me too traveling is fun .
that's nice . no don't dance but i like to sing
i love horses , i grew up in a farm with 8 brothers
oh . i enjoy painting and drawing .
in the summer , i take fridays off for events
writing poetry is something that i like
you can run on a treadmill ?
that is kina cool .
you guys should both rollerblade too !
oh ! i'm really sorry . i love babies
ah . i like to eat potatoes .
i love it especially after jogging
what is your father ?
what kind of restaurant is it ?
an appliance store . boring .
french is a beautiful language .
no i don't like beans
i also teach third grade math
i'm a conservative person
yeah i work in health care .
and what is that then
men amen are so so stupid
i have seen pictures they do look beautiful
as an attorney is tough
oh them i love them too
same ! i made dinner using a recipe from my mom
her school is in the inner city . tough school
i am big into collecting , but cannot afford paintings , i get to see them though !
yeah then role play as a character
female . i am a factory worker .
did you build it yourself
i love beans they clean out my colon
i go to the college of alabama
what is your favorite song
dance and martial arts . she's a black belt , so am i .
video games are awesome , i like to play on the pc most
oh . i really like to garden .
i like to build things .
i have urinary cancer since i was eighteen
wow . sports ? i am a dancer ballet .
that sounds a bit boring .
i arrange flowers for a living .
i'm eating a late dinner
i am crazy about halloween
no clue i do not try
after i graduate in september i want to be a teacher .
i am going to bring my dog to the park
sounds like a country song .
oh my . i live in vegas , it is hot here
i came 6th in 100ms
the vegan lifestyle is for me feel much better
take a boat and go fish .
yeah she's but i do not see her much
you can protect yourself first
i love to fight . fighting is my favorite
i'd love that . let us be bffs
then you should tell them to watch john gresham movies .
not a vegan , a vegetarian .
i like coffee i drink while i watch marvel
