i know what you mean spend most nights cuddling my dog and star watching
i am a little shy but i am a little shy
i am not . i am a student .
i only feel comfortable sharing my music with my dogs !
ha ha i'm so shy
i will win , i am telling you . then i will drive my sx into the stars .
i will try that . i am a bit of a tea person .
i do not know what to say .
maybe i'll take go for a walk and get a burger after .
chicago has some great places to eat too .
you are going skydiving ? working on an acrylic canvas peace for a skydiving school
i love to read and read books
i like to go fishing . i love to go fishing .
wow skydiving sounds fun ! i enjoy reading journals about psychology and i love to kayak !
kayaking and reading psychology books
oh , you should start a rose garden
i love the outdoors . i love to garden .
i like to eat too much junk food .
one of my greatest pleasures is going to church every week .
you life is so short . some time you forget about the little things .
i like pink , i think blue is too masculine color .
i like blue , but i like to go mountain bike .
i like red , reminds me of summer time .
do you have any hobbies ? i enjoy mountain biking !
i love blue too , i also enjoy mountain biking . have you ever tried it ?
yeah , i definitely like rock more than metal .
i like them too . they are my favorite .
i do , i like to go out to eat with my family .
yes ! i love blasting death metal while programming .
i do not want to talk about my pets
i get up early everyday and eat ice cream
i like chocolate chip cookies
i like the color red . i like the color blue .
my three kids love mint chocolate chip !
i love wife and my kids they love chocolate ice cream also
i have a brother who lives in england , but sometimes he goes to my timeshare in mexico
i do . i love to swim .
i do not , but i do like to eat .
i don't watch my diet , but i spend a lot of time at my local pool . i'm a swim coach !
oh no . i prepare traditional dishes .
i actually wait tables in a restaurant , you ?
i am looking for a job at a restaurant .
i am a student , but i am a student .
that's awesome ! anyway , i'm going to go play basketball now .
i love to read . i'd rack up a big bill working in a bookstore .
oh , cool ! electric or acoustic ? me , just got back from running to soccer practice
i love to run and do marathons .
i like to go fishing .
wow you're very musical ! i recently got hired as a life coach !
i do speak another language and you ?
i like red . i dyed my hair red .
i love to sew and make clothes .
i like to eat fish .
cool ! do you celebrate christmas ? as a christian , it's one of my favorite times of the year !
i never used a loom but will have to try sometime .
he is awesome . he is a musician and his music ironic for my life
i am not sure . i am a musician .
i am sorry to hear that . do you have any hobbies ?
wow . i'm interested in languages and love to learn them . i would definitely watch a documentary about languages !
so what else do you like to do besides make documentaries ?
i love the color red . who is your favorite band ?
i love the color red and my favorite color is red
i like the color red . i like red .
it sounsd great ! maybe i can keep it as a class pet at my elementary school .
your bunny sounds adorable . bunnies are very gentle and quiet animals
what kind of dogs do you have .
i have a dog and a cat .
i do not have any pets , but i do like to go fishing .
i have a dog . i love to play catch with him in my front yard !
i've two dogs . what about you ?
the nearest one to me is a long drive a away , but i do not mind .
i am a huge sports fan . i am a huge fan of gaming .
i am sorry to hear that . i am a nurse .
i love electronics . i helped design the game starcraft ! have you played it ?
this robot will help me because i'm allergic to water ! do you enjoy teaching ?
really ? i have quite the vast collection of purple swimming suits
i love swimming , but i do not have time for that
i like to go to the gym and listen to music .
that sounds very fun ! i never learned to swim in somalia , maybe i'll try it now .
swimming is fun ! have you met any olympians ?
just give me a couple fish and some cheeseburgers to grill and i am happy
i am a professional , i am a huge fan of the game .
i do not know what to say .
thank you . now i'm building a robot to be my body double !
designed , yes . now i'm making a robot to be a body double of myself .
i am doing great , watching a little basketball . what are you up to ?
i'm doing great , how are you ?
i'm doing well . how are you ?
i'm good , just spending time with my amazing wife and kids . how are you ?
i'm doing very well thank you . how are you ?
nothing . i am never going an extra mile again for sure .
i was a little too . i was a very good painter .
no , i do not . i am a big fan of classical music .
i haven't . i'm 56 years old so i've learned to deal with these things by now .
no , i keep to myself . my housekeeping job isn't exactly a social one .
what is your name ?
i'm great . how are you ?
i'm doing well . how are you ?
i'm great . just finished my part time job at burger king . how are you ?
i am doing well . about to go to my job at burger king .
cool . maybe you know my nephew ? he is in school and says i am the best aunt ever !
i have been retired , but i do not know what to do .
i am sorry to hear that . i am sorry to hear that .
cool . do you live close to your friends ? my best friend is next door !
i want to go next door and play with my best friend , not work !
i am more of a drink at home and watch movies kind of person
oh wow . i am sorry to hear that .
i am sorry to hear that . i am sorry to hear that .
sorry to hear that ! my boyfriend lost his mom at a young age too !
i'm so sorry mines too in my twenties .
the beach is nice , but i do not get to go too often .
i love to swim and watch tv
i like to go fishing .
swimming sounds fun . i honestly just go to the gym to socialize !
i've a job inside my apartment i like working home .
one great seafood place nearby . i always get their crab and dip it in butter .
oh wow , that is amazing ! i am a huge fan of yoga
that is awesome . i am a teacher .
i hope you enjoy that . i'm a buddhist and i spend all my time meditating . i haven't spoken in three months .
that's good . i'm a spiritual person , are you ?
no , but my boyfriend plays call of duty .
i like to play games . i like to play games .
i like to go fishing .
what games do you play ? i enjoy call of duty !
oh really ? what kind ? i love fps . my fav is cod .
i love other football called soccer .
i do . i love to watch football .
i do , i love to play soccer .
not really . i'd much rather sing songs from frozen !
yes ! my favorite team is the steelers . what is yours ?
i saw the easter bunny behind my closet door
i play the piano . i love it .
i like to play soccer , but i like to play soccer .
that sounds amazing ! how long have you been playing ?
you are so talented . i can sing farm songs and i can milk cows .
i am well . how are you ?
i am doing well . how are you ?
i'm doing well . how are you ?
i'm annoyed at how much math homework i have . i hate math class !
i'm 13 with an older brother .
i love to ride horses .
i love horses too . i have a lot of time to do that .
i love dogs , my dog is named pickles .
horses are great ! i work with a lot of animals on my farm . i can drive a tractor too .
i am more concerned with my religion .
i am well , how are you ?
i am good . just got back from my pet fish . you ?
i'm doing well . how are you ?
pretty good . i just turned 18 yesterday .
am fine and how is your life
wow you have a farm ?
i live in a rural area so i live in a rural area .
that is awesome . i love to go fishing .
cool ! i also live in a rural farming community .
ah , we are a farming family too . you have any pets ?
lots of stuff . i went to a christian high school so i am pretty tame though .
i am a college student . i am in high school .
i do not have any pets , but i do like to eat .
no , i don't own a tractor . when i grow up i want to be a physical therapist . did you always want to be a pole dancer ?
nope no tractor , i want save my money for college .
my older brother lives in spain , how is it ?
i bet you have a great day !
i love to travel . i love it .
sounds fun ! i just finished moving into my first home .
it is nice that you had a good time .
i work at a small advertising agency . i promote my sister , a published author .
i work in a gym , i love to eat mexican food
i am a student , but i work at a grocery store .
sorry to hear that . i could use a break from work , i've been working since i was sixteen years old .
how long have you been working at your current place ?
florida . what about you ?
i am from the midwest , how about you ?
i'm from ohio . i love to go out to the beach .
i live in florida ! how about you ?
florida . i own a home there . 2 kids , a dog a lady .
i play college football , linebacker
i played in college for a college football team
i love to cook , and i love to cook .
i enjoy volleyball too ! probably not as much as i enjoy poetry though .
that is awesome . i like to read poetry . do you like poetry ?
ok , maybe we can form a book club
that sounds like a lot of fun . i am pregnant .
i like to go fishing .
what do you do for fun ? i spend time with my husband and read .
that sounds great ! my weekly goal of reading a new book keeps me busy .
his name is tony . do you have pets ?
i love to run , i am in high school
i like to go to the gym and listen to music .
i love cats ! what do you do ? i'm currently in high school and i make straight as !
haha that's cute haha , what you do for living
i love to fish ! my parents have a pond on their farm in kentucky .
i would love to go fishing .
i do not know how to swim .
yes ! i would really enjoy that . i could show you my bees as well !
ha that sounds good ! what is your favorite food ?
its been ok . do you like cats ? i have 3 of them .
i am just getting ready to go to the zoo .
i am a student , i am a student .
i'm bird watching with my cats right now . how about you ?
i am bird watching with my animals
i want to qualify for an event or professionally compete at cow milking someday
i am in the city , i play the piano
i am a teacher , what do you do ?
cool , do you have animals ? i'm very musical , i play several instruments and teach piano on the side .
i am a piano teacher on the side
my days are pretty much always relaxing . i do not have to raise a finger .
i love to eat it with my family
i like to go to the gym and listen to music .
it really is . i quit my job to pursue my buddhist spirituality full time .
i'm buddhist , my spiritual journey relaxes me
right now i am just working towards my masters degree
i work at a school . i am a engineer .
i am a student , but i am a student .
i am a mechanical engineer . how about you ?
mechanical engineer for chevy and nissan
that sounds great i also like ice cream
i love ice cream . i am a fan of it
i like to eat fish .
yes ! maybe a treat for my pet charlie as well .
right is it not the best ?
sounds good ! i have also 6 cats .
i have a couple of grandchildren and a husband .
i do not have any pets , but i do like to go fishing .
i don't have pets . i'm retired now and just living my best life !
no pets . i am retired so i love to travel . pets would slow me down
awesome . i go to bars alot in the city . great place to be .
i am a bartender , i love to play the violin .
i like to eat too much junk food .
i wish i could make fancy cocktails ! my secret talent is that i can speak chinese !
do you speak any languages ? i'm teaching myself chinese
well what does she like about your friend ?
she is a very good mother . she works for the construction company .
she was a stay at home mom . i am a big fan of the walking dead .
she was a stay at home mom obsessed with the color pink . i hate that color now !
she is the greatest mom , i saw her yesterday . do you see your mom ?
i have pitbulls and harleys . i am very hardcore .
i am a professional chess player .
i am a student , i am a student .
chess tournaments ! protein makes your brain more activate for intense chess matches .
i am competing for a national chess tournament . it helps me keep focus
working at a gas station sounds interesting . what do you do for fun ?
i love to work out , i am a cashier at a gas station
oh , i am sorry to hear that . i am a big fan of the walking dead .
that's cool . my dad keeps trying to set me up on blind dates . it's getting annoying !
i had a spiderman comic as a kid . my adopted parents gave it to me .
i am female , what about you
i am a female . i am a teacher .
i am not . i am a student .
i'm female . i love photography and i'm always taking pictures .
i am a 44 year old male .
i am well how are you
i'm doing well , how are you ?
i'm doing well . how are you ?
i'm doing well . just spent some time with my horse !
good i am studying to be a lawyer right now
its a good pasttime . i also teach special ed , so cosmetics is a nice break .
oh wow . that is a lot of work .
i am a nurse , i love to cook .
that's not too bad . my house was expensive , but luckily it didn't need any work !
that sounds like a lot of work !
are you currently in school ?
i am not sure what that is !
i like to go to the gym and listen to music .
maybe ! i'm also pretty smart , i make straight as in school .
yeah that app is really cool !
your favorite color is pink ?
i like to drive my new truck
i like the color red . i like red .
cool . my motorbike is red with a blue stripe . it looks shiny when i race !
why did you choose pink out of all colors ?
are you an avid runner ? i cut my hair short so i could run better
i live in alabama . i live in alabama .
i love to travel . i love to travel .
lucky you ! i love the ocean , can't wait to visit it again !
yes . i want to go more but no one to stay with 19 dogs .
i will not . i put god first in everything i do
i do not , i am a nurse
i do not really have a favorite . i like to go fishing .
not really , i just spend most of my time on facebook when i am not working .
i really want to try and lose weight but i have no motivation
naturally brown , i just recently tried to go blonde .
blue . i love it . you ?
i like red , reminds me of summer time .
you shouldn't dye it at all ! my parents would blow up if i dyed my hair .
black , like my soul . i am very depressed from working at burger king .
i am into weight lifting . brings home the money .
i work in the tech industry .
i am a student , but i am a student .
i spent a decade working in human services .
i stay home with kids now , prior was in human services .
do you do any sports ? swimming helps me keep my energy up .
i am not sure what that means
i like to eat too much junk food .
sounds like the type of thing my wife would say . she left me and took the kids .
so , i should be able to lose weight ?
my drummer has a cat named system . our fav band is system of a down
i do not know what that means .
i do not know how to play the guitar .
good idea ! i've only recently moved to the united states , so i don't know many people . neither does my cat .
we should have them meet at a cat park so they can have a rap battle .
